================
#jenkins Meeting
================


Meeting started by kohsuke at 18:02:17 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2012/jenkins.2012-10-17-18.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
*
  https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda#GovernanceMeetingAgenda-October17thMeeting
  (kohsuke, 18:02:41)
* recap of actions  (kohsuke, 18:02:54)
  * https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/MEETING  (kohsuke, 18:03:16)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to finish up the jenkinsci-cert@googlegroups.com
    setup and initial additions  (kohsuke, 18:04:46)

* Picking next LTS  (kohsuke, 18:05:10)
  * http://jenkins-ci.org/changelog  (kohsuke, 18:05:24)
  * AGREED: next LTS will be based on 1.480  (kohsuke, 18:13:23)
  * AGREED: the goal is to get to RC by next Wed and 2 more weeks for a
    release  (kohsuke, 18:13:49)
  * there's http://github.com/jenkinsci/selenium-tests that we are
    trying to improve as the blackbox integration test. soliciting more
    volunteers  (kohsuke, 18:14:45)

* Advertising survey on http://jenkins-ci.org/  (kohsuke, 18:15:29)
  * jenkins-ci.org/survey  (kohsuke, 18:16:13)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to send in the survey announcement in e-mail
    (kohsuke, 18:18:22)
  * AGREED: people see no problem adding a banner to the
    http://jenkins-ci.org/ page,  (kohsuke, 18:20:43)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to add it until the end of October  (kohsuke,
    18:20:50)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to add a banner to http://jenkins-ci.org/, wiki, and
    issues  (kohsuke, 18:23:31)

* next meeting  (kohsuke, 18:24:04)
  * AGREED: next meeting will be in 2 weeks, the same time  (kohsuke,
    18:25:48)

Meeting ended at 18:27:06 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* kohsuke to finish up the jenkinsci-cert@googlegroups.com setup and
  initial additions
* kohsuke to send in the survey announcement in e-mail
* kohsuke to add it until the end of October
* kohsuke to add a banner to http://jenkins-ci.org/, wiki, and issues




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* kohsuke
  * kohsuke to finish up the jenkinsci-cert@googlegroups.com setup and
    initial additions
  * kohsuke to send in the survey announcement in e-mail
  * kohsuke to add it until the end of October
  * kohsuke to add a banner to http://jenkins-ci.org/, wiki, and issues
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* kohsuke (60)
* hare_brain (21)
* vjuranek (8)
* abayer (4)
* KostyaSha (3)
* jenkins-builds (3)
* nanonyme (2)
* robobutler (2)
* oldelvet (2)
* jenkins-admin (1)
* cheezey (1)
* faulkner (1)
* rtyler (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
