18:01:26 <kohsuke> #startmeeting
18:01:26 <robobutler> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
18:01:36 <kohsuke> #chair hare_brain abayer rtyler
18:01:36 <robobutler> Current chairs: abayer hare_brain kohsuke rtyler
18:02:06 <kohsuke> #info https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
18:02:19 <kohsuke> #topic Recap last meeting action items
18:02:32 <kohsuke> #info http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2012/jenkins.2012-03-21-18.00.html
18:02:49 <kohsuke> abayer: hare_brain: I still need your PGP public key
18:03:02 <kohsuke> You have one, right?
18:03:14 <abayer> Somewhere. Will find it.
18:03:41 <kohsuke> Please, please, pretty please.
18:03:51 <ndeloof> can you please recap the process to send iCLA ?
18:03:59 <kohsuke> Yes
18:04:25 <kohsuke> #info the most of the information for filing CLA is in here: https://github.com/jenkinsci/infra-cla/
18:04:31 <hare_brain> I actually don't have one. I need to create one for myself.
18:04:39 <hare_brain> (But dealing with some company drama today.)
18:05:11 <kohsuke> #info The only error prone part is that Google Groups apparently have some size restriction about attachments
18:05:21 <kohsuke> I got a number of reports from people who said their submissions were rejected
18:05:53 <kohsuke> #info Another alternative is to submit your encrypted CLA as pull request as fredg did: https://github.com/jenkinsci/infra-cla/pull/1
18:06:24 <ndeloof> geeks at work ;)
18:06:57 <kohsuke> #info Also, I believe we'd like to collect ICLA even when your employer signs CCLA
18:07:14 <kohsuke> I'm looking at ndeloof stephenc rcampbell and rtyler
18:07:37 <kohsuke> and jorgenpt
18:07:43 <ndeloof> I have it on my desktop, just have to prepare a pull-request
18:07:53 <hare_brain> Why?
18:08:03 <hare_brain> That could be confusing
18:08:51 <kohsuke> OK, I'm happy to stand corrected, but I thought we won't know if the contribution comes from someone's company time or someone's personal time?
18:09:29 <ndeloof> not sure about legals, for French folks everything you do even on spare time MAY be claimed by your company
18:09:58 <hare_brain> Yeah, for folks where it can be distinguished like that, it's fine, but I don't think it can be a blanket policy.
18:10:50 <ndeloof> I'd like to ensure we get CCLA for contributors, prior to ICLA, if possible
18:10:54 <kohsuke> OK, so I guess we'll say something like "if you'd be contributing your own intellectual property as an individual, you should file ICLA, regardless of whether you'll be also contributing IP of your employer as an employee"
18:11:06 <kohsuke> Is that accurate?
18:11:25 <hare_brain> Yes, I think that's right.
18:11:50 <ndeloof> I'm fine with that, as I'm not a lawyer ;)
18:11:57 <kohsuke> I think the part I really care about is that ICLA and CCLA are independent. Your employer having CCLA in place doesn't automatically mean you don't need ICLA
18:12:09 <hare_brain> That's correct.
18:12:11 <ndeloof> right
18:12:16 <kohsuke> OK, I'll add it to this readme markdown
18:12:38 <hare_brain> Something along the lines of...
18:12:51 <kohsuke> #action kohsuke to mail sticker batches to abayer and rtyler
18:13:45 <kohsuke> And rtyler already posted http://jenkins-ci.org/content/announcing-jenkins-cia
18:14:01 <hare_brain> "If you will be contributing IP of your employer to the project, you need to file a CCLA. If you will be contributing your own IP, you need to file an ICLA. Depending on where you work, your employer may own IP you develop on your personal time. Please verify with your employer to make sure you sign the correct form."
18:14:22 <kohsuke> OK
18:14:38 <kohsuke> I'll use that verbatim
18:14:49 <kohsuke> I think that's it for the recap of actions
18:15:05 <kohsuke> #topic Move plugin CI jobs to jenkins.ci.cloudbees.com
18:15:39 <kohsuke> ndeloof: that's yours
18:15:47 <ndeloof> jieryn asked for a FOSS account on cloudbees as an alternative to ci.jenkins-ci.org
18:15:50 <ndeloof> https://jenkins.ci.cloudbees.com/
18:16:08 <ndeloof> I've configured some jobs to mimic JoJ
18:16:26 <ndeloof> it uses templates plugin (from cloudbees)
18:16:28 <kohsuke> ah, nice. it's templated
18:16:37 <ndeloof> so that plugin author only have to provide plugin ID
18:17:03 <ndeloof> ie : create a new job with type "plugin" and provide "git" -> full maven job to poll github/jenkinsci/git-plugin
18:17:07 <kohsuke> and it's also hooke up to github hook trigger
18:17:27 <ndeloof> right, the template can be upgraded to include some new common config
18:17:31 <ndeloof> and all jobs get updated
18:17:43 <kohsuke> How do we add people to this instance?
18:17:45 <ndeloof> same for libraries : provide repo ID + branch to monitor
18:17:55 <kohsuke> Or maybe we'll just set them up from ircbot?
18:18:07 <ndeloof> that's my plan
18:18:16 <ndeloof> instance is publicly visible read-only
18:18:20 <kohsuke> perhaps we can have a backend bot that auto-create them from *-plugin in github?
18:18:40 <ndeloof> we can give access for those who have a cloudbees account (it's free, it don't hurt)
18:18:53 <ndeloof> nice idea
18:19:05 <ndeloof> I'll first look at including this on irc bot
18:19:21 <ndeloof> when automation will be ok, we could make it even simpler
18:19:22 <kohsuke> thanks
18:19:35 <ndeloof> only one issue,
18:19:57 <ndeloof> plugin have to follow the *-plugin convention
18:20:19 <ndeloof> https://github.com/jenkinsci/seleniumhtmlreport don't
18:20:26 <ndeloof> (the only one)
18:20:46 <ndeloof> I also will look at a template for ruby-based plugins
18:21:06 <ndeloof> (so that rtyler also gets notification mail)
18:21:13 <kohsuke> thanks
18:21:53 <kohsuke> abayer: anything you'd like to see before we offload plugin builds over to this?
18:21:55 <rtyler> hehe
18:22:13 <ndeloof> I've sent a mail to Marco Machmer to rename his repo, to conform to *-plugin convention
18:22:13 <kohsuke> AFAICT it's already on per with ci.jenkins-ci.org plugin builds
18:22:16 <ndeloof> no answer yet
18:22:46 <kohsuke> if you don't hear from him we can just do it.
18:23:11 <ndeloof> I also created jobs for core
18:23:27 <ndeloof> we can use template as well if we want to monitor new branches
18:23:33 <ndeloof> (as UI work for example)
18:23:57 <ndeloof> by chance, DEV@Cloud takes ~ same time to build as JoJ
18:24:06 <ndeloof> was not sure before trying ;)
18:24:18 <kohsuke> let's see if it can tolerate -Dconcurrency=2
18:24:30 <ndeloof> good point, will try that
18:24:35 <kohsuke> just scheduled one
18:24:53 <kohsuke> I have this plugin that lets us do pull request scout testing
18:25:04 <kohsuke> I wonder if we can deploy it here? Is it hard to do one off plugin deployments?
18:25:12 <ndeloof> so the proposal as a first step is to move plugin builds to cloudbees and create the required automation for new plugins -> jobs
18:25:50 <kohsuke> +1
18:26:07 <ndeloof> I don't think it would be an issue, will test it. Which plugin is it ?
18:26:20 <kohsuke> I'll talk to you offline. It's not OSS.
18:26:28 <asteve> i just locked myself out of jenkins while trying to create a dev group that could read; how can i return my permissions?
18:26:29 <ndeloof> ;P
18:26:48 <kohsuke> asteve: let's get to it after the project meeting that's currently in session
18:26:49 <microm> how do I run a shell script as a post-build action?
18:26:58 <jorgenpt> ndeloof: What are the limits of this instance? Are we worried we'll at some point overload it?
18:27:06 <jorgenpt> ndeloof: There are, what, 400 plugins?
18:27:28 <rtyler> closer to 500
18:27:29 <ndeloof> this is a FOSS "special" account
18:27:37 <rtyler> heh
18:27:40 <ndeloof> you won't see the pricing on cloudbees doc :)
18:27:51 <ndeloof> the build limit is amazon datacenter size
18:28:00 <jorgenpt> Does that mean that it's up to cloudbees' discretion when they no longer want to throw resources at us?
18:28:42 <kohsuke> I guess so. But that's true for most of what we get for free.
18:28:43 <ndeloof> strictly speaking, you're right
18:29:14 <ndeloof> anyway, from all jobs you can pick-up the config.xml (form URL) and build a new CI on another infra in few hours if needed
18:29:26 <jorgenpt> Okay, I thought most the resources we had for free were given certain (known) bounds. :)
18:29:35 <jorgenpt> Easier to plan when you know what kind of ceiling is in place.
18:30:10 <rtyler> kohsuke: for the saucelabs account, john gave me some good "guidelines" for how much to use and when ;)
18:30:17 <rtyler> perhaps CB could/should do something similar ;)
18:30:23 <ndeloof> I can ask
18:30:48 <ndeloof> I don't think I'll get a better response that just "go, go go"
18:30:52 <jorgenpt> But great on CB for providing this resource, this is really nice. :)
18:31:10 <kohsuke> https://jenkins.ci.cloudbees.com/builds says there's something wrong with seleniumhtmlreport
18:31:23 <kohsuke> executed excessively freuqnetly
18:31:41 <ndeloof> oh yes, I didn't disabled it
18:32:01 <ndeloof> it's trying to poll seleniumhtmlreport-plugin repo that doesn't exist
18:32:18 <kohsuke> ah
18:32:25 <ndeloof> I have to enable the github hook
18:32:33 <ndeloof> "polliong must die", don't you think ;)
18:32:40 <kohsuke> exactly
18:32:49 <kohsuke> Looks like you have it enabled to me, though
18:33:27 <ndeloof> need jenkins-admin credentials on https://jenkins.ci.cloudbees.com/configure to create the hook
18:33:47 <ndeloof> I configured my credentials, but I'm not admin on github/jenkinsci so can't register hooks
18:33:54 <kohsuke> OK, let's take those details after the meeting then
18:33:58 <ndeloof> right
18:34:06 <kohsuke> You should use jenkins-admin GitHub user we use for this stuff
18:34:21 <ndeloof> indeed
18:34:28 <kohsuke> Anything that needs to be done before shelving plugin jobs on ci.jenkins-ci.org?
18:34:40 <kohsuke> I want to get ack from abayer, too
18:34:59 <Diverious> hey all
18:35:05 <ndeloof> I can manage job creation on-demand until we get an bot automation
18:35:22 <ndeloof> and just have to enable the adequate plugins to have irc notification, etc
18:35:25 <Diverious> I have been having an issue with Jenkins for a while now and can't seem to scratch the surface on how to fix it
18:35:26 <kohsuke> ndeloof: and we should add a bunch of us as users so that we can all do it, too
18:35:30 <Diverious> I get this error
18:35:31 <Diverious> SubversionRepositoryStatus doNotifyCommit, WARNING: No subversion jobs found…. I can't figure out how to fix this… because I obviously have subversion jobs - basically trying to do a post hook commit
18:35:42 <kohsuke> Diverious: let's hold off on that until the current project meeting in session is over.
18:35:51 <kohsuke> And let's move on to the next topic and abayer can ack later
18:35:54 <Diverious> oh sorry
18:36:05 <kohsuke> #topic ask for FOSS JProfiler licenses
18:36:09 <ndeloof> right, just have to send me the email you used to create a cloudbees account,
18:36:25 <kohsuke> #info http://www.ej-technologies.com/buy/jprofiler/openSource
18:36:47 <kohsuke> We do have YourKit Java Profiler OSS license
18:36:58 <ndeloof> right,
18:37:07 <kohsuke> But sure, why not, let's get all the freebies!
18:37:09 <ndeloof> just noticed codehaus offered both
18:37:22 <ndeloof> maybe some of us are used with JProfiler (seems to be a nice tool as well)
18:38:05 <kohsuke> ndeloof: would you like to fill this in and get it going?
18:38:16 <kohsuke> looks like it's just a matter of filing a request
18:38:40 <kohsuke> And I think we can consider this blessed unless someone has an issue with this
18:39:00 <kohsuke> or if you want me to do it, I can do it, too
18:39:01 <ndeloof> I think they also ask for sponsor logo
18:39:25 <kohsuke> We've been putting them in https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Building+Jenkins
18:39:49 <kohsuke> I think it satisfies their requirements
18:39:55 <ndeloof> ok
18:40:02 <kohsuke> argh, nofollow
18:40:08 <ndeloof> I can request free license
18:41:11 <kohsuke> hmm, on Wiki I don't think we have means to disable nofollow link
18:41:27 <kohsuke> I guess I can write a macro or a plugin
18:42:01 <ndeloof> Agreement on this ?
18:42:09 <kohsuke> #action kohsuke to write a Confluence macro to have link to JProfiler
18:42:10 <kohsuke> +1
18:42:27 * kohsuke hopes others will +1 too
18:42:29 <hare_brain> +1
18:43:09 <kohsuke> #agreed we'll request an OSS license for JProfiler
18:43:12 <ndeloof> #action ndeloof to ask for JProfiler licenses http://www.ej-technologies.com/buy/jprofiler/openSource
18:43:30 <kohsuke> shall we move on to next topic?
18:43:43 <kohsuke> #topic Migrate plugins to get rid of glassfish repo
18:43:54 <ndeloof> imod around ?
18:44:01 <kohsuke> And my +1 for this, too
18:44:21 <kohsuke> the only thing I wasn't sure about is how to write a script to do this
18:44:36 <ndeloof> I vonlunteer to do it
18:45:01 <kohsuke> AIU, this basically involves in adding a <repository>/<pluginRepository> entry
18:45:09 <kohsuke> and removing m.g.o-public if there's one already
18:45:24 <kohsuke> you'll do it by hand? There are 400 of those
18:45:31 <ndeloof> I planned on my TODO list to try repo SCM tool and create a manifest for all jenkins repos
18:45:37 <ndeloof> this is time to do it
18:45:40 <hare_brain> Can't you do that in the parent pom and just bump the version of the parent pom?
18:45:48 <ndeloof> and then some funny scripting
18:46:01 <kohsuke> hare_brain: parent POM has already fixed this, but bumping it means you now depend on newer Jenkins version
18:46:02 <ndeloof> this is already set in plugin pom for recent releases
18:46:15 <hare_brain> Ah, fair enough.
18:46:16 <ndeloof> but many plugin use old jenkins/plugin pom as parent
18:46:28 <kohsuke> ndeloof:  OK, great to hear that you got an idea to automate this
18:46:51 <kohsuke> I saw a number of people already who tried to build a plugin and failed, so I'd love to see this resolved.
18:47:01 <ndeloof> please note : on https://jenkins.ci.cloudbees.com I used a custom settings.xml to mirror m.g.o-public on repo.jenkins-ci.org
18:47:19 <kohsuke> I think aheritier was also advocating for this, if I remember correctly.
18:47:25 <ndeloof> indeed
18:48:08 <kohsuke> Unfortunately today I don't think we have too many people here, so I suggest ndeloof to write an e-mail to the dev list about this and get a few +1s before starting this.
18:48:19 <kohsuke> But here's my +1
18:48:31 <ndeloof> ok
18:49:17 <kohsuke> So that brings me to the last topic, next time, and today there's actually something I'd like to propose for that
18:49:23 <kohsuke> Can we move on from this topic?
18:49:38 <kohsuke> #topic next meeting time
18:50:15 <kohsuke> We touched on this briefly the last time, about time zone being Asia unfriendly in the context of JUC Tokyo related stuff
18:50:32 <kohsuke> So I asked those folks in Tokyo when they can make it
18:50:42 <kohsuke> and I was asked to report back with ...
18:51:17 <kohsuke> Friday night Pacific Time, Saturday noon-ish Tokyo time
18:51:36 <rtyler> I'm lame, so that would probably work for me :P
18:51:53 <kohsuke> This is just one off. I'm not suggesting that we move it permanently to a new time
18:52:43 <kohsuke> The 2nd alternative for them is some other DoW, but noon-1pm Tokyo time
18:53:02 <rtyler> a monday or tuesday night would work for me
18:53:20 <kohsuke> ... the reason being that their company won't allow this kind of stuff on their work time.
18:53:44 <kohsuke> But noon-1pm is a lunch break, so it can be made to work. For some.
18:54:02 <ndeloof> 5am on my time, probably will not be online (until my baby wake me up)
18:54:04 <kohsuke> Both time slot is totally unfriendly for Europe
18:54:16 <rtyler> if that's a significant hurdle, why not make sure it's saturday or sunday for them
18:54:33 <kohsuke> Yeah, so that's why I said Friday night PT is the 1st choice
18:54:45 <rtyler> I'm okay with that
18:54:58 <hare_brain> What time does that map to in the Pacific TZ? 8? 9?
18:54:59 <kohsuke> I can do either, so I want to get the sense from others
18:55:00 <rtyler> kohsuke: we could just use the 21st Amendment wifi and have a drink-up too ;)
18:55:14 <kohsuke> If this is Friday night we can be somewhat flexible
18:55:36 <kohsuke> It could be 5-10pm range in PT
18:55:56 <kohsuke> I suspect they'd like us do it earlier so that we don't land in the middle of Saturday
18:55:58 <hare_brain> 9 works better than 8, for me personally. But on the whole, Friday night is fine for me.
18:56:00 <kohsuke> rtyler: that's awesome
18:56:07 <kohsuke> abayer: ping
18:56:09 <rtyler> after 7pm for me preferably, what with dinner and commute
18:56:23 <rtyler> I suspect most others have the same kind of "requirements" :)
18:56:38 <abayer> Urm…Friday's not great for me in general, but I can try to make 9pm.
18:56:52 <rtyler> game night?
18:56:53 <kohsuke> Yeah, OK, let's do 9pm for this once then
18:57:31 <hare_brain> Two weeks from now?
18:58:05 <kohsuke> That's 20th but  I don't know where I am that time
18:58:13 <kohsuke> could be over Colorado or somewhere
18:58:26 <hare_brain> Different Friday then?
18:58:26 <kohsuke> Would 13th or 27th work?
18:58:49 <hare_brain> Checking
19:00:08 <hare_brain> Bah. My calendar keeper went idle.
19:00:13 <hare_brain> I think the 13th is fine.
19:00:44 <kohsuke> Great.
19:01:05 <kohsuke> rtyler: abayer: ?
19:01:13 <abayer> Tentative yes.
19:01:36 <kohsuke> OK, then let's shoot for that.
19:01:44 <kohsuke> Thanks for being accomodating
19:01:53 <abayer> =)
19:02:20 <rtyler> I'm down for whatever
19:02:23 <kohsuke> #agreed next meeting is 13th Friday 9pm PST / 14th Sat 1pm Japan Time / 6am Sat Paris Time
19:02:33 <kohsuke> and that's it
19:02:44 <kohsuke> #endmeeting