<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by hare_brain at 18:00:37 UTC
(<a href="jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Recap action items</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html#l-6'>hare_brain</a>, 18:01:46)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/MEETING</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html#l-9'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:02:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The FOSDEM devroom proposal:
    https://gist.github.com/6546c827b777c55f1ff7/48124395c9690ff0f95964acf32cce9dd6c1ea2a</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html#l-16'>rtyler</a>,
    18:02:57)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">LisaWells to
    publish the write up on hat we can help to facilitate meet-ups in
    meat space</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html#l-46'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:08:55)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Should the "Sponsor this issue" link beÂ ommited for closed issues</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html#l-50'>kohsuke</a>, 18:10:22)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">Publicize
    freedomsponsors.org at JUC?</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html#l-65'>hare_brain</a>,
    18:15:05)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://gist.github.com/3641693">https://gist.github.com/3641693</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html#l-67'>msm</a>,
    18:15:09)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">or a guest post
    on http://jenkins-ci.org/ ?</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html#l-71'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:15:26)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">tonylampada
    to write a guest post on jenkins-ci.org about Freedom
    Sponsors</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html#l-78'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:17:16)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">Jenkins
    newsletter would be another place to talk about this</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html#l-81'>hare_brain</a>,
    18:17:57)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">election process proposal</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html#l-89'>kohsuke</a>, 18:19:37)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Board+Election+Process+Proposal</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html#l-93'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:20:13)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">I'll write up
    hare_brain's "please trust the boards to nominate good people" model
    and send it to the dev list</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html#l-148'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:34:31)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Help wanted: spams are on the rise</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html#l-150'>kohsuke</a>, 18:34:49)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">there has been some on-going spam problem on
    Wiki</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html#l-151'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:35:09)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke to
    create a 'report-the-spam' project in JIRA to help track and report
    spam</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html#l-180'>rtyler</a>,
    18:40:47)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/DOC/Configuring+Captcha+for+Spam+Prevention">https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/DOC/Configuring+Captcha+for+Spam+Prevention</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html#l-181'>dapak</a>,
    18:40:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">if anyone is willing to volunteer to be a spam
    police, please let us know</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html#l-193'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:43:02)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">FOSDEM travel grant</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html#l-196'>kohsuke</a>, 18:43:34)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">I haven't done the exact count, but I believe
    we have more than $5000 on our account in SPI</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html#l-206'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:46:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">$7348.12 to be exact</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html#l-211'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:46:44)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">http://spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2012/2012-08-09/</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html#l-212'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:46:47)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">next agenda
    item: "I suggest future funding sources as a topic for the next
    meeting."</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html#l-255'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:53:58)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">we are
    basically OK with spending $1K x 2 people for FOSDEM travel grant,
    but we want to make sure money is used well</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html#l-263'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:55:34)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Hold project meeting at JUC SF on 9/30</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html#l-270'>hare_brain</a>, 18:56:44)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next meeting time</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html#l-289'>kohsuke</a>, 18:59:59)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">next meeting
    is the same time in 2 weeks (9/19)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html#l-294'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:00:23)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 19:00:49 UTC
(<a href="jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>LisaWells to publish the write up on hat we can help to facilitate meet-ups in meat space</li>
  <li>tonylampada to write a guest post on jenkins-ci.org about Freedom Sponsors</li>
  <li>I'll write up hare_brain's "please trust the boards to nominate good people" model and send it to the dev list</li>
  <li>kohsuke to create a 'report-the-spam' project in JIRA to help track and report spam</li>
  <li>next agenda item: "I suggest future funding sources as a topic for the next meeting."</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> hare_brain <ol>
    <li>I'll write up hare_brain's "please trust the boards to nominate good people" model and send it to the dev list</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> kohsuke <ol>
    <li>kohsuke to create a 'report-the-spam' project in JIRA to help track and report spam</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> tonylampada <ol>
    <li>tonylampada to write a guest post on jenkins-ci.org about Freedom Sponsors</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li><b>UNASSIGNED</b><ol>
    <li>LisaWells to publish the write up on hat we can help to facilitate meet-ups in meat space</li>
    <li>next agenda item: "I suggest future funding sources as a topic for the next meeting."</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>kohsuke (98)</li>
  <li>rtyler (52)</li>
  <li>hare_brain (50)</li>
  <li>abayer (24)</li>
  <li>stephenc_ (15)</li>
  <li>dapak (14)</li>
  <li>tonylampada (14)</li>
  <li>imod (7)</li>
  <li>stephenc__ (7)</li>
  <li>lov (5)</li>
  <li>jenkins-builds (3)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>vjuranek (2)</li>
  <li>msm (2)</li>
  <li>harpreet_ (2)</li>
  <li>PvM_Iain (1)</li>
  <li>mika (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
