================
#jenkins Meeting
================


Meeting started by kohsuke at 18:03:15 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2012/jenkins.2012-10-31-18.03.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* agenda
  https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda#GovernanceMeetingAgenda-October31thMeeting
  (rtyler, 18:03:27)
* Recap last meeting's items  (rtyler, 18:03:59)
  *
    https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&jqlQuery=project+%3D+MEETING+AND+status+%3D+Open+ORDER+BY+priority+DESC&mode=hide
    (kohsuke, 18:04:08)

* Take over "Jenkins users and developers" group at meetup.com
  (kohsuke, 18:07:54)
  * ACTION: rtyler to renew the meetup.com group thingie  (rtyler,
    18:13:06)
  * AGREED: project will take over the meetup.com group  (kohsuke,
    18:13:21)

* sticker budget for SCALE11x and FOSDEM  (kohsuke, 18:14:03)
  * I have enough stickers on hand right now --- I believe I ordered
    this batch just a few months ago  (kohsuke, 18:14:31)
  * we have ~1000-1500 stickers currently  (rtyler, 18:15:48)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to write an e-mail soliciting feedback for flyer
    (kohsuke, 18:18:19)

* Accepting donations in Europe  (kohsuke, 18:19:07)
  * LINK: http://www.ffis.de/Verein/spi-en.html   (orrc, 18:21:48)
  * ACTION: orrc to send kohsuke more details on the ffis  (rtyler,
    18:25:34)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to send a heads-up to SPI about this just so they
    know  (kohsuke, 18:26:51)

* next meeting time  (kohsuke, 18:28:34)
  * beware of daylight saving time change  (kohsuke, 18:29:22)

Meeting ended at 18:30:54 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* rtyler to renew the meetup.com group thingie
* kohsuke to write an e-mail soliciting feedback for flyer
* orrc to send kohsuke more details on the ffis
* kohsuke to send a heads-up to SPI about this just so they know




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* kohsuke
  * kohsuke to write an e-mail soliciting feedback for flyer
  * orrc to send kohsuke more details on the ffis
  * kohsuke to send a heads-up to SPI about this just so they know
* orrc
  * orrc to send kohsuke more details on the ffis
* rtyler
  * rtyler to renew the meetup.com group thingie
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* kohsuke (64)
* rtyler (49)
* orrc (11)
* hare_brain (4)
* jorgenpt (3)
* robobutler (2)
* LeLutin (2)
* abayer (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
