================
#jenkins Meeting
================


Meeting started by hare_brain at 19:00:20 UTC. The full logs are
available at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2012/jenkins.2012-02-22-19.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
  (hare_brain, 19:00:35)
* recap of actions  (hare_brain, 19:00:55)
  *
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2012/jenkins.2012-02-08-19.03.log.html
    (hare_brain, 19:01:14)
  * ACTION: ndeloof to file a ticket for rtyler to get a standard CB
    logo on the "sponsors" block on www.jenkins-ci.org  (rtyler,
    19:07:11)
  * AGREED: Take advantage of CloudBees infrastructure for some J-on-J
    jobs, and in return, we put CloudBees logo in the sponsored widget
    (hare_brain, 19:07:39)
  * ACTION: ndeloof will need to work with abayer and jieryn to figure
    out what jobs should go on Dev@Cloud and what stays on J-on-J
    (rtyler, 19:07:48)

* Proposal: Move away from Drupal to a Git repository powered by Jekyll
  for the community site  (rtyler, 19:08:23)
  * need to be mindful of how changelogs are generated and sourced in
    the current site  (rtyler, 19:12:07)
  * ACTION: rtyler to generate a prototype jekyll www site  (rtyler,
    19:13:13)

* It's been a year, should we elect a new board, how/when/etc?  (rtyler,
  19:13:47)
  * So, we've had the same board for a year. Which has been ok, but we
    should really have elections.  (abayer, 19:14:03)
  * Question is - how do we elect new board members? How do we decide
    who can vote?  (abayer, 19:14:19)
  * One model to follow might be the openSUSE structure, e.g.
    http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Board_election  (rtyler, 19:16:19)
  * IDEA: Increase size of board to 5 people, instead of current 3.
    (hare_brain, 19:16:23)
  * IDEA: Before elections, have an open period to allow people to
    register to vote.  (hare_brain, 19:17:31)
  * managing the rename vote was a pain - making sure voters were on the
    mailing lists by the set time, etc.  (abayer, 19:18:17)
  * ACTION: abayer kohsuke hare_brain to write up a proposal for board
    elections, then bring it to future project meeting for
    review/ratification.  (hare_brain, 19:22:35)

* JUC promotion ideas  (rtyler, 19:23:19)
  * IDEA: Proposal should include nomination process, how to handle
    board member resignations, tenure  (hare_brain, 19:23:20)
  * LINK:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Jenkins+CIA+Program
    (rtyler, 19:26:49)
  * ACTION: rtyler to ponder harder about a CIA Package for JUC, contact
    lisawells and heidig with outlines/ideas/etc  (rtyler, 19:36:36)

* Next meeting  (hare_brain, 19:50:19)
  * AGREED: Next meeting on March 7, 2012 11:00 PST (19:00 UTC)
    (hare_brain, 19:52:23)

Meeting ended at 19:53:19 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* ndeloof to file a ticket for rtyler to get a standard CB logo on the
  "sponsors" block on www.jenkins-ci.org
* ndeloof will need to work with abayer and jieryn to figure out what
  jobs should go on Dev@Cloud and what stays on J-on-J
* rtyler to generate a prototype jekyll www site
* abayer kohsuke hare_brain to write up a proposal for board elections,
  then bring it to future project meeting for review/ratification.
* rtyler to ponder harder about a CIA Package for JUC, contact lisawells
  and heidig with outlines/ideas/etc




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* abayer
  * ndeloof will need to work with abayer and jieryn to figure out what
    jobs should go on Dev@Cloud and what stays on J-on-J
  * abayer kohsuke hare_brain to write up a proposal for board
    elections, then bring it to future project meeting for
    review/ratification.
* hare_brain
  * abayer kohsuke hare_brain to write up a proposal for board
    elections, then bring it to future project meeting for
    review/ratification.
* heidig
  * rtyler to ponder harder about a CIA Package for JUC, contact
    lisawells and heidig with outlines/ideas/etc
* lisawells
  * rtyler to ponder harder about a CIA Package for JUC, contact
    lisawells and heidig with outlines/ideas/etc
* ndeloof
  * ndeloof to file a ticket for rtyler to get a standard CB logo on the
    "sponsors" block on www.jenkins-ci.org
  * ndeloof will need to work with abayer and jieryn to figure out what
    jobs should go on Dev@Cloud and what stays on J-on-J
* rtyler
  * ndeloof to file a ticket for rtyler to get a standard CB logo on the
    "sponsors" block on www.jenkins-ci.org
  * rtyler to generate a prototype jekyll www site
  * rtyler to ponder harder about a CIA Package for JUC, contact
    lisawells and heidig with outlines/ideas/etc
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (90)
* hare_brain (46)
* abayer (31)
* heidig (20)
* lisawells (19)
* imod (15)
* ndeloof (10)
* alyssa_ (10)
* robobutler (2)
* mika (1)
* evilchili (1)
* DarkRift (1)
* iAsterisk (1)
* vjuranek (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
