================
#jenkins Meeting
================


Meeting started by rtyler at 00:57:46 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2012/jenkins.2012-10-01-00.57.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* The meeting agenda can be found here
  https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda#GovernanceMeetingAgenda-JenkinsUserConferenceMeeting@SanFrancisco
  (rtyler, 00:58:02)
* Discussion about future funding source/plan / fiance report  (rtyler,
  00:59:19)
  * meetings are recorded and logged under meetings.jenkins-ci.org
    (rtyler, 00:59:36)
  * our financial management group/parent organization is the SPI
    http://spi-inc.org  (rtyler, 01:00:41)
  * aslanb is transcribing live  (rtyler, 01:00:49)
  * IDEA: perhaps we should do more of the grant proposals?  (kohsuke2,
    01:08:55)
  * we started using freedomsponsors.org that's somewhat related to this
    (kohsuke2, 01:09:18)
  * ACTION: project to start a targeted donation drive for FOSDEM travel
    grants  (rtyler, 01:10:33)
  * AGREED: project to try a targeted donation drive for FOSDEM travel
    grangts  (rtyler, 01:11:05)

* How can we fix documentation/make it better  (rtyler, 01:12:51)
  * IDEA: maybe a reverse map of the "extension point list" wiki page
    (kohsuke2, 01:17:36)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to look into building a reverse mapping for
    extension points  (rtyler, 01:18:14)
  * IDEA: skeleton code generation for more extensions (ala jenkins.rb)
    (kohsuke2, 01:19:55)
  * IDEA: code generation hooked up in the UI --- "click this button if
    you add stuff here"  (kohsuke2, 01:20:32)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to talk more and open up his prototype extension
    point thingie  (rtyler, 01:21:53)

* How can we improve the stable releases  (rtyler, 01:23:52)
  * IDEA: part of the project meeting should maybe address "project
    management" in a sense of what is prioritized, etc  (rtyler,
    01:29:09)
  * to have your voice heard into what gets implemented, 1) fill in the
    survey 2) vote on issues  (kohsuke2, 01:29:42)
  * IDEA: perhaps we should send out a bi-weekly report of what is being
    focused on, or at least being considered for future releases
    (rtyler, 01:33:57)
  * so far according to the running tally of the survey, documentation,
    examples, and quality does come high  (kohsuke2, 01:34:11)
  * IDEA: encourage plugin developers to document as they learn things
    in the core/extension points  (rtyler, 01:34:50)

* next meeting  (rtyler, 01:36:38)
  * IDEA: I suggest October 10th  (rtyler, 01:37:27)

* next meeting time  (kohsuke2, 01:38:17)
  * AGREED: Oct 17th 2012, next meeting  (rtyler, 01:38:58)

Meeting ended at 01:39:07 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* project to start a targeted donation drive for FOSDEM travel grants
* kohsuke to look into building a reverse mapping for extension points
* kohsuke to talk more and open up his prototype extension point thingie




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * project to start a targeted donation drive for FOSDEM travel grants
  * kohsuke to look into building a reverse mapping for extension points
  * kohsuke to talk more and open up his prototype extension point
    thingie




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* aslanb (136)
* rtyler (27)
* kohsuke2 (14)
* jieryn (11)
* abayer (3)
* EricL (2)
* robobutler (2)
* dapak (2)
* lifeless (2)
* pradeepto (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
