================
#jenkins Meeting
================


Meeting started by hare_brain at 18:06:40 UTC. The full logs are
available at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2012/jenkins.2012-08-22-18.06.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Recap of last meeting's action items  (hare_brain, 18:07:58)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to set up JIRA for project meeting actions
    (hare_brain, 18:08:44)
  * https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/MEETING  (ndeloof, 18:09:20)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to write to the publisher, point to our document,
    and ask them to seek our approval of the use of the mark (I think
    this is about Ulli's Android app)  (hare_brain, 18:09:20)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to install this plugin on JIRA  (hare_brain,
    18:09:33)
  *
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda#GovernanceMeetingAgenda-August22thMeeting
    (rtyler, 18:09:54)
  * ACTION: LisaWells to publish the write up on hat we can help to
    facilitate meet-ups in meat space  (hare_brain, 18:10:23)
  * ACTION: mika to package backend-ircbot for deb  (hare_brain,
    18:11:33)
  * locations in Paris are too expensive for user conferences
    (hare_brain, 18:13:09)
  * but smaller events are desirable, possibly piggybacking as BOF
    sessions at other events.  (hare_brain, 18:13:48)
  * ACTION: ndeloof to contact high schools / universites in paris for
    opportunity to host a user conference  (ndeloof, 18:14:09)
  * ACTION: ndeloof to continue to look into other venues in Paris
    (hare_brain, 18:17:33)
  * ACTION: rtyler to work on the "Call for Dev Rooms" when it's
    published  (hare_brain, 18:19:08)

* Travel Grant for FOSDEM  (hare_brain, 18:19:33)
  * ACTION: Travel grant for FOSDEM  (hare_brain, 18:21:48)

* Next meeting time  (hare_brain, 18:23:46)
  * AGREED: next meeting time is September 5, 2012 11AM PDT
    (hare_brain, 18:25:09)
  * ndeloof ordered 1000 of these
    https://www.dropbox.com/s/lfixkutt799wt8q/BAT310216%20%281%29.pdf
    (hare_brain, 18:26:55)

Meeting ended at 18:30:09 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* kohsuke to set up JIRA for project meeting actions
* kohsuke to write to the publisher, point to our document, and ask them
  to seek our approval of the use of the mark (I think this is about
  Ulli's Android app)
* kohsuke to install this plugin on JIRA
* LisaWells to publish the write up on hat we can help to facilitate
  meet-ups in meat space
* mika to package backend-ircbot for deb
* ndeloof to contact high schools / universites in paris for opportunity
  to host a user conference
* ndeloof to continue to look into other venues in Paris
* rtyler to work on the "Call for Dev Rooms" when it's published
* Travel grant for FOSDEM




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* ndeloof
  * ndeloof to contact high schools / universites in paris for
    opportunity to host a user conference
  * ndeloof to continue to look into other venues in Paris
* rtyler
  * rtyler to work on the "Call for Dev Rooms" when it's published
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * kohsuke to set up JIRA for project meeting actions
  * kohsuke to write to the publisher, point to our document, and ask
    them to seek our approval of the use of the mark (I think this is
    about Ulli's Android app)
  * kohsuke to install this plugin on JIRA
  * LisaWells to publish the write up on hat we can help to facilitate
    meet-ups in meat space
  * mika to package backend-ircbot for deb
  * Travel grant for FOSDEM




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* hare_brain (46)
* rtyler (24)
* ndeloof (21)
* robobutler (2)
* abayer (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
