========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by danielbeck at 18:00:38 UTC. The full logs are
available at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-08-01-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* LINK:
  https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
  (danielbeck, 18:01:01)
* Recap last meeting's actions  (danielbeck, 18:01:13)
  *
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.html
    (danielbeck, 18:01:36)

* LTS status check  (danielbeck, 18:02:34)
  *
    https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/issues/?jql=labels%20%3D%202.121.3-fixed
    (danielbeck, 18:03:56)

* Travel grant request to DevOps World - Jenkins World SF  (danielbeck,
  18:04:28)
  *
    https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-dev/hG0zmAIiTN0/Fp9TPK2TCwAJ
    (danielbeck, 18:06:03)
  * https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Travel+Grant+Program
    (danielbeck, 18:07:04)
  * AGREED: Mandy Hubbart to get 500 USD travel grant as per the 2015
    program  (danielbeck, 18:12:39)
  * LINK: https://jenkins.io/project/governance/#meeting simply
    discusses "consensus"  (rtyler, 18:21:11)
  * ACTION: tracymiranda to prepare updated grant proposal  (danielbeck,
    18:45:13)
  * AGREED: we won't commit to a larger travel grant today  (danielbeck,
    18:46:02)

* GSoC status update  (danielbeck, 18:48:19)
  * We will have final presentation on the week of Aug 10, TBA
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:49:33)
  * GSoC SIG will be introduced this weekend  (oleg-nenashev, 18:51:20)

* next meeting  (danielbeck, 18:55:13)

Meeting ended at 18:56:51 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* tracymiranda to prepare updated grant proposal




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* tracymiranda
  * tracymiranda to prepare updated grant proposal
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* danielbeck (70)
* oleg-nenashev (62)
* tracymiranda (28)
* rtyler (28)
* bitwiseman (20)
* alyssat_ (18)
* DevMandy (5)
* ogondza (5)
* raSter^8 (4)
* NightMonkey21 (4)
* krysjonaz (4)
* robobutler (2)
* SWAT23 (2)
* kohsuke (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
