========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by rtyler at 18:04:42 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Recap last meeting actions  (rtyler, 18:04:58)
  *
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-08-15-18.00.html
    (rtyler, 18:05:16)
  *
    https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-dev/Snz_mdXsq6s/VXtisasyDgAJ
    (danielbeck, 18:06:17)
  *
    https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-dev/zrBUwcuhqBY/T_fd0DG9DwAJ
    (danielbeck, 18:06:29)

* LTS status check  (rtyler, 18:08:17)

* GSoC Summer of Code: Results  (rtyler, 18:10:52)
  * : GSoC is over, yey. 2 projects passed, 1 was failed by mentors at
    the final evaluation. All projects bring value to the community and
    move critical stories forward  (oleg-nenashev, 18:13:03)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to submit a summary blogpost this week
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:13:40)
  * : Join the GSoC SIG mailing list if you want to attend retrospective
    or share feedback:
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/jenkinsci-gsoc-all-public
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:14:36)
  * You can also meet Pham Vu Tuan at DevOps World | Jenkins World in US
    (Remoting over Kafka). He will be presenting at the Cloud Native SIG
    meeting there  (oleg-nenashev, 18:15:47)
  * Martin and me will also summarize GSoC at the Contributor summit +
    lightning talk in the Community Theater  (oleg-nenashev, 18:17:34)

* Cloud Native SIG update  (rtyler, 18:20:07)
  * Cloud Native SIG had two meetings this month:
    https://jenkins.io/sigs/cloud-native/#meetings  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:21:32)
  * Man focus - Pluggable Storage stories, esp. External Logging and
    Configuration Storage. A number of JEPs were submitted and reviewed
    during the calls: JEP-206, 207, 210, 212, and 213  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:22:23)
  * Next Confirmed Cloud Native SIG meeting - Sep 17, Contributor
    Summit. Drop your agenda items here:
    https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Hw1mpXSpH8BAe2YK5SrCfFuHQLRf__KnjDBK_SbhGls/edit
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:26:08)
  * Platform SIG update  (rtyler, 18:29:32)
  * https://jenkins.io/sigs/platform/  (oleg-nenashev, 18:29:56)
  * Over last month we had 3 meetings. Topics: Java 10+ support
    planning,  Windows 64but packaging, OpenJ9 discussion (JOM) and,
    today, Multi-architecture Docker Images planning  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:31:09)
  * Also, Jenkins project is now a part of Quality Outreach:
    https://wiki.openjdk.java.net/display/quality/Quality+Outreach
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:32:15)
  * : Regarding the Platform side, we are working on Chocolatey
    Packaging (Slide-O-Mix), and Docker images for Arm and ppc
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:34:15)

* Jenkins Ambassador applicants  (rtyler, 18:42:02)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/Tp0Q1QAHP2k
    (alyssat_, 18:42:07)
  * https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Jenkins+Ambassador
    (danielbeck, 18:42:58)
  * https://github.com/jenkinsci/jep/tree/master/jep/5  (danielbeck,
    18:44:06)

* next meeting  (danielbeck, 18:51:59)

Meeting ended at 18:53:25 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* oleg_nenashev to submit a summary blogpost this week




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * oleg_nenashev to submit a summary blogpost this week




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* oleg-nenashev (57)
* danielbeck (38)
* rtyler (33)
* alyssat_ (14)
* robobutler (2)
* jglick (2)
* markewaite (2)
* kohsuke (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
