<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head><script src="//archive.org/includes/analytics.js?v=cf34f82" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">window.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded',function(){var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app224.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=379;archive_analytics.send_pageview({});});</script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/bundle-playback.js?v=MzYkZ0TU" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/wombat.js?v=UHAOicsW" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
  __wm.init("https://web.archive.org/web");
  __wm.wombat("http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-04-11-18.00.html","20211027213334","https://web.archive.org/","web","/_static/",
	      "1635370414");
</script>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/banner-styles.css?v=S1zqJCYt" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/iconochive.css?v=qtvMKcIJ" />
<!-- End Wayback Rewrite JS Include -->

<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:09 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-04-11-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Last meeting actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-04-11-18.00.log.html#l-7">rtyler</a>, 18:01:13)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">today's agenda
    https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda#GovernanceMeetingAgenda-April11thmeeting</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-04-11-18.00.log.html#l-19">rtyler</a>,
    18:03:21)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-04-11-18.00.log.html#l-22">rtyler</a>, 18:04:01)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GSoC Status Update</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-04-11-18.00.log.html#l-54">rtyler</a>, 18:13:58)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">We have requested project slots from Google and
    got all slots we requested. Student projects will be announced on
    April 23</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-04-11-18.00.log.html#l-55">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:14:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">we will be doing some training sessions for
    newcomer contributors starting from April 23. Stay tuned for
    announcements in the dev list if you are interested</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-04-11-18.00.log.html#l-63">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:16:54)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    introduce oleg-nenashev to the YouTube channel "Manager" settings so
    he can run GSoC sessions</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-04-11-18.00.log.html#l-80">rtyler</a>,
    18:22:15)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Trademark sublicensing request "DevOps World - Jenkins World"</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-04-11-18.00.log.html#l-88">rtyler</a>, 18:23:56)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">kohsuke's mail to the dev list
    https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-dev/d1rrCcY-VyM/Pu4RdH2LBwAJ</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-04-11-18.00.log.html#l-90">rtyler</a>,
    18:24:32)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">for those not familiar with our trademark
    policies https://jenkins.io/project/governance/#trademark</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-04-11-18.00.log.html#l-91">rtyler</a>,
    18:24:55)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">sublicense
    request for "DevOps World - Jenkins World" approved</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-04-11-18.00.log.html#l-111">rtyler</a>,
    18:32:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">CloudBees, Inc is expected to follow the
    appropriate trademark sublicense attribution requirements for the
    event, as outlined here
    https://jenkins.io/project/governance/#attribution-for-sublicensees</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-04-11-18.00.log.html#l-112">rtyler</a>,
    18:33:17)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    update the approved trademark usage wiki page</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-04-11-18.00.log.html#l-113">rtyler</a>,
    18:33:32)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">SPI financial request for review</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-04-11-18.00.log.html#l-116">rtyler</a>, 18:34:45)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">meet zobel, one of the memebers of the Software
    in the Public Interest board</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-04-11-18.00.log.html#l-117">rtyler</a>,
    18:35:02)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    make sure to review the 2017 Jenkins financial data with kohsuke
    once he's back from walkabout</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-04-11-18.00.log.html#l-132">rtyler</a>,
    18:39:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">our current contract with Microsoft is
    approximate 2/3rds complete, which means we have "free" infra
    funding into mid April 2019</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-04-11-18.00.log.html#l-142">rtyler</a>,
    18:43:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">the SPI board and extended community can be
    found in the #spi channel on irc.oftc.net</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-04-11-18.00.log.html#l-151">rtyler</a>,
    18:45:31)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-04-11-18.00.log.html#l-158">rtyler</a>, 18:48:22)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">next meeting will be April 25th, same time of
    day 18:00 UTC</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-04-11-18.00.log.html#l-168">rtyler</a>,
    18:50:06)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:50:25 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-04-11-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler to introduce oleg-nenashev to the YouTube channel "Manager" settings so he can run GSoC sessions</li>
  <li>rtyler to update the approved trademark usage wiki page</li>
  <li>rtyler to make sure to review the 2017 Jenkins financial data with kohsuke once he's back from walkabout</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> kohsuke <ol>
    <li>rtyler to make sure to review the 2017 Jenkins financial data with kohsuke once he's back from walkabout</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> oleg-nenashev <ol>
    <li>rtyler to introduce oleg-nenashev to the YouTube channel "Manager" settings so he can run GSoC sessions</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rtyler <ol>
    <li>rtyler to introduce oleg-nenashev to the YouTube channel "Manager" settings so he can run GSoC sessions</li>
    <li>rtyler to update the approved trademark usage wiki page</li>
    <li>rtyler to make sure to review the 2017 Jenkins financial data with kohsuke once he's back from walkabout</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (89)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (37)</li>
  <li>zobel (21)</li>
  <li>jglick (7)</li>
  <li>markewaite (6)</li>
  <li>Slide-O-Mix (4)</li>
  <li>alyssat_ (4)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>bitwiseman (1)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (0)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="https://web.archive.org/web/20211027213334/http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
<!--
     FILE ARCHIVED ON 21:33:34 Oct 27, 2021 AND RETRIEVED FROM THE
     INTERNET ARCHIVE ON 15:05:31 Nov 09, 2022.
     JAVASCRIPT APPENDED BY WAYBACK MACHINE, COPYRIGHT INTERNET ARCHIVE.

     ALL OTHER CONTENT MAY ALSO BE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT (17 U.S.C.
     SECTION 108(a)(3)).
-->
<!--
playback timings (ms):
  captures_list: 270.108
  exclusion.robots: 0.096
  exclusion.robots.policy: 0.088
  RedisCDXSource: 0.687
  esindex: 0.009
  LoadShardBlock: 249.34 (3)
  PetaboxLoader3.resolve: 239.216 (4)
  PetaboxLoader3.datanode: 85.18 (4)
  CDXLines.iter: 17.365 (3)
  load_resource: 103.544
-->