========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by danielbeck at 18:00:07 UTC. The full logs are
available at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-02-14-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Recap last meeting's actions  (danielbeck, 18:00:34)
  * LINK:
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-01-17-18.01.html
    (danielbeck, 18:00:51)
  * LINK:
    https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Approved+Trademark+Usage
    (rtyler, 18:02:21)

* LTS status check  (danielbeck, 18:03:23)
  * https://jenkins.io/security/advisory/2018-02-14/  (danielbeck,
    18:03:37)

* LTS baseline selection  (danielbeck, 18:05:53)
  * https://jenkins.io/changelog/  (danielbeck, 18:06:00)
  * for JEP-200 we fixed around 50 plugins:
    https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Plugins+affected+by+fix+for+JEP-200
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:08:01)
  * JEP-200 is generally good, the biggest open issue is Artifactory
    plugin which is not compatible  (oleg-nenashev, 18:08:35)
  * SSHD changes in 2.106:
    https://issues.apache.org/jira/secure/ReleaseNote.jspa?version=12341097&styleName=Text&projectId=12310849&Create=Create&atl_token=A5KQ-2QAV-T4JA-FDED%7C47f5fd1e799680219ff14477b5b2c29ce7aaf6fd%7Clin
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:11:21)
  * AGREED: 2.107 will be the LTS baseline unless we find major
    problems, no currently planned backports, testing can commence with
    the weekly, and ogondza will announce it as such  (danielbeck,
    18:33:16)
  * AGREED: 2.107 will be the LTS baseline unless we find major
    problems, no currently planned backports, testing can commence with
    the weekly, and ogondza will announce it as such  (danielbeck,
    18:33:53)

* Quick GSoC update  (danielbeck, 18:34:09)
  * : TL;DR: We have been accepted to GSoC 2018.
    https://jenkins.io/projects/gsoc/  (oleg-nenashev, 18:34:34)
  * So far we have 8 finalized project ideas and 11 mentors. We will be
    accepting new project ideas till March 05  (oleg-nenashev, 18:35:46)
  * https://developers.google.com/open-source/gsoc/timeline
    (danielbeck, 18:35:56)
  * Org admins this year: oleg_nenashev martinda14 schristou
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:36:14)
  * Mentors are welcome, with or without project ideas  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:38:01)
  * https://jenkins.io/blog/2018/01/06/gsoc2018-call-for-mentors/
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:38:33)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to create a GSoC blog post for
    students/mentors  (oleg-nenashev, 18:44:06)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to create a Jumbotron patch in a SEPARATE pull
    request  (oleg-nenashev, 18:44:38)

* next meeting  (danielbeck, 18:45:09)

Meeting ended at 18:46:06 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* oleg_nenashev to create a GSoC blog post for students/mentors
* oleg_nenashev to create a Jumbotron patch in a SEPARATE pull request




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * oleg_nenashev to create a GSoC blog post for students/mentors
  * oleg_nenashev to create a Jumbotron patch in a SEPARATE pull request




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* danielbeck (79)
* oleg-nenashev (65)
* jglick (31)
* ogondza (23)
* rtyler (18)
* markewaite (4)
* robobutler (2)
* alyssat_ (2)
* bitwiseman (1)
* kohsuke (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
