========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by danielbe_ at 18:00:18 UTC. The full logs are
available at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Recap last meeting's actions  (danielbe_, 18:00:37)
  *
    meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-06-20-18.10.html
    (danielbe_, 18:00:49)

* LTS status check  (danielbe_, 18:01:42)
  * LINK: https://jenkins.io/changelog-stable/#v2.121.2   (danielbe_,
    18:01:57)
  * LINK: https://jenkins.io/security/advisory/2018-07-18/   (danielbe_,
    18:02:12)

* Vote for mass adding Jenkinsfiles  (danielbe_, 18:02:52)
  *
    https://groups.google.com/d/topic/jenkinsci-dev/6f_wKvfpESk/discussion
    (danielbe_, 18:03:00)
  * AGREED: let's mass apply Jenkinsfiles to repos as discussed on the
    dev list  (danielbe_, 18:07:29)
  * ACTION: ogondza to apply Jenkinsfiles  (danielbe_, 18:07:35)

* Growing community via a stronger Twitter presence  (danielbe_,
  18:08:53)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/gqR_ee5grtM
    (danielbe_, 18:09:02)

* Jenkins Ambassader applicants  (danielbe_, 18:17:15)
  * LINK: https://www.linkedin.com/company/jenkins-project/   (kohsuke,
    18:17:17)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/Tp0Q1QAHP2k
    (danielbe_, 18:17:30)
  * AGREED: Ambassador program is moving forward with candidates
    (danielbe_, 18:22:10)

* GSoC status update and travel grants budget request  (danielbe_,
  18:22:41)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/zS1jzYRoF08
    (danielbe_, 18:22:51)
  * : All 3 students have passed the Phase 2 evaluation  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:23:12)
  * https://www.meetup.com/Jenkins-online-meetup/events/252500125/ if
    you have missed it  (oleg-nenashev, 18:23:32)
  * Next stop is final evaluation in 3 weeks, but we have started doing
    org things like travel grants for students  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:24:08)
  * Travel grant request  (oleg-nenashev, 18:24:21)
  * : https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/zS1jzYRoF08
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:24:33)
  * : JEP draft for GSoC budget and reimbursements:
    https://github.com/jenkinsci/jep/pull/144  (oleg-nenashev, 18:26:46)
  * AGREED: We finance GSoC travel for the students from GSoC + general
    funds  (danielbe_, 18:34:27)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to proceed with the budget things and GSoC
    logistics  (oleg-nenashev, 18:34:53)

* next meeting  (danielbe_, 18:35:23)

* GSoC status update and travel grants budget request  (danielbe_,
  18:35:52)

* next meeting  (danielbe_, 18:37:52)

Meeting ended at 18:39:34 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* ogondza to apply Jenkinsfiles
* oleg_nenashev to proceed with the budget things and GSoC logistics




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* ogondza
  * ogondza to apply Jenkinsfiles
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * oleg_nenashev to proceed with the budget things and GSoC logistics




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* oleg-nenashev (75)
* danielbe_ (66)
* rtyler (36)
* tracymiranda (29)
* kohsuke (20)
* ogondza (13)
* alyssat_ (10)
* bitwiseman (4)
* robobutler (2)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
