<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head><script src="//archive.org/includes/analytics.js?v=cf34f82" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">window.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded',function(){var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app212.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=3194;archive_analytics.send_pageview({});});</script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/bundle-playback.js?v=MzYkZ0TU" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/wombat.js?v=UHAOicsW" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
  __wm.init("https://web.archive.org/web");
  __wm.wombat("http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-08-15-18.00.log.html","20211027214057","https://web.archive.org/","web","/_static/",
	      "1635370857");
</script>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/banner-styles.css?v=S1zqJCYt" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/iconochive.css?v=qtvMKcIJ" />
<!-- End Wayback Rewrite JS Include -->

<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:00:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:00:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:00:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> o/
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:00:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">rtyler kohsuke danielbe_</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:00:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Current chairs: danielbe_ kohsuke rtyler
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:00:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> hi everyone
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:00:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> hello
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:00:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> o/
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:00:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">agenda:</span> https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:00:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Recap last meeting actions</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:01:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-08-01-18.00.html</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:01:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> tracymiranda did you update the grant proposal?
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:01:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> not yet
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:01:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:01:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> that was the only action from last week
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:01:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> actually question about that
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:02:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:02:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> did we say that should be a jep or an email to dev list?
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:02:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> dev list first imho
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:02:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> consensus was JEP which requires dev list
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:03:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> see 18:31 in http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-08-01-18.00.log.html
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:03:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:03:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:03:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> will aim to get it done by next meeting
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:03:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> with enough time for responses
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:03:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:03:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">LTS status check</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:03:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> LTS is out, you all should upgrade :)
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:04:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://jenkins.io/security/advisory/2018-08-15/</span>
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:04:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> done. So far so good
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:04:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://jenkins.io/changelog-stable/#v2.121.3</span>
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:04:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> cool stuff
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:04:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> ogondza anything from your side on this LTS?
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:04:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> thanks, Daniel. I guess we can move on
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:04:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">LTS next baseline selection</span>
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:05:16 </span><span class="nka">* oleg-nenashev</span> <span class="ac">is tired of updating his instance every 2 weeks due to advisories</span>
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:05:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> .3 is out today, so as usual it's time to select the next baseline again
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:05:21 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">takes a look https://jenkins.io/changelog/</span>
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:06:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> 2.135 is a conservative option
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:06:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> I don't think there are known recent regressions
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:06:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> except for the mess around Jetty
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:06:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> JNA update is also suspicious. It was not soaked enough IMHO
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:06:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> as opposed to 136 oleg-nenashev ?
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:07:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Major JNA update
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:07:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> It's risky on exotic platforms
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:07:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> which unlikely use Weekly
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:07:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> which means you wouldn't know if there are issues until its in an LTS anyways
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:07:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> so what would postponing this update help?
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:07:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> +1 rtyler
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:08:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/java-native-access/jna/blob/4.5.X/CHANGES.md</span>
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:09:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I know that nobody wants to backport security fixes again
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:09:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> looks mostly like added features?
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:10:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> TBF, 2.137 is so empty that 2.138 is essentially soaked for 2 weeks already + security fixes
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:10:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> with 2.137 almost empty, how about 2.138
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:10:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:10:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> Take the security fixes
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:10:55 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">shrugs</span>
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:10:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> If we go to something newer that 2.135, 2.138 is ok for me
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:10:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> sure, sounds reasonable to me
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:11:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> I guess we have the consensus then
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:11:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> as usual we have 2 weeks before RC date anyway in case something critically broken is identified
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:11:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> consensus seems to be 2.138 unless someone speaks up now…
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:12:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I am -0.5
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:12:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> because of the JNA?
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:12:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> mostly
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:12:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> And because of removing 2 weeks of soak testing
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:13:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> I usually do not vote for picking latest...
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:13:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Do not forget .1 lands on Sep 12
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:13:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Or whatever date right before Jenkins World
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:14:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> i.e. plenty of time to address any critical issues that show up
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:14:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Does anybody plan to be available for firefighting?
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:14:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> I doubt issues for such marginal platforms would escalate that quickly
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:15:10 </span><span class="nka">* ogondza</span> <span class="ac">being a maintainer of a grid of such platforms</span>
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:15:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> realistically, how likely is that a release with all interesting changes having 4 weeks before RC will break badly?
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:15:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> The next .1 will land in December, not much different
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:16:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Note that "marginal platforms" include Windows and ARM/Linux
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:16:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> I am well aware :P
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:16:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> like he said, marginal :P
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:16:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:17:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> anyway, we can alwayse revert that one for .2 if it came to worse
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:17:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> or, if caught early, towards .1
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:17:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> ogondza perhaps add a note in the request for testing email?
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:17:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> that native related features should be exercised
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:18:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> we have zero test automation for it, right?
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:18:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> correct
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:18:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I can ask Linaro folks to try ARM
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:18:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> zero infra to run it on
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:18:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> well, we do have Windows infra
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:18:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> We can do some extra testing this time
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:18:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> that us right
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:18:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:19:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I am okay if others want to go forward
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:19:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbe_:</span> can we somehow specify "native related features"?
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:19:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Still looks a bit YOLO to me
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:20:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> I'm unsure what features are affected
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:20:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> my specialty
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:20:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> would have guessed symlinks etc. but I think those are Java 8 now
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:21:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> any other objections?
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:22:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> 2.138 looks reasonable. As always, our schedule has the slack needed to react if something shows up.
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:22:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> agreed
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:22:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Note that the next LTS is the last one supporting WinXP SP2: https://github.com/kohsuke/winp/pull/53
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:22:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> good riddance
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:22:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sst6627&gt;</span> 
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:22:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sst6627&gt;</span> 
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:22:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sst6627&gt;</span> 
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:23:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">2.138 will be the next LTS baseline</span>
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:23:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> ogondza can you send the advance notification? I don't think we'll expect many backports
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:24:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> advance notification?
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:24:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> don't you usually send an email after baseline selection? Or is that only after backports?
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:25:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> It is combines "we are starting backporting for .1"
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:25:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> can do it tonight
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:25:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> ah, ok
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:25:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> yes, that one
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:26:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">ogondza to announce backporting and LTS version involving JNA update ASAP</span>
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:26:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> \o/
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:26:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">GSoC end-of-summer check</span>
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:26:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> the presentations were really great :)
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:26:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev I think this is yours?
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:26:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I'd guess so
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:27:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">GSoC is officially over. Results will be announced on Aug 22</span>
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:27:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">All 3 students reached the final evaluation and presented their work. See https://www.meetup.com/Jenkins-online-meetup/events/253577758/</span>
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:28:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> And believe all projects bring value to the Jenkins community
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:28:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> \o/
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:28:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Also, we formed an official GSoC SIG: https://jenkins.io/sigs/gsoc/</span>
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:29:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info: </span><span class="cmdline">We also elected GSoC Mentor Summit delegates. Jeff Pearce and Oleg Nenashev  will go to the summit this year, the n they will talk about their visit at the SIG meeting</span>
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:30:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> + blogposts as usual
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:30:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Mentor summit: Oct 12-14
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:30:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> where is it?
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:30:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Bay Area
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:30:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> thx
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:30:55 </span><span class="nka">* oleg-nenashev</span> <span class="ac">expects nice jetlag at Jenkins conferences in Europe</span>
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:31:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> So...
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:31:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I cannot say much else till Aug 22
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:31:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Once the results are announced, there will be also a blogpost
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:31:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> any questions?
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:31:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> just comments - seemed really well run with great results
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">18:32:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> so great stuff!
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">18:32:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">18:32:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> presentations were really interesting, can recommend watching
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">18:32:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Next year we need more mentors, as usual :)
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">18:32:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> We will have a public retrospective if somebody is interested
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">18:33:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> is that already announced?
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">18:33:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> i do have a question actually
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">18:33:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbe_:</span> not yet. Will do in few days
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">18:33:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> folks could not join the hangout - is there something we can do about that or time to move to a new platform?
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:33:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action: </span><span class="cmdline">oleg_nenashev: schedule and announce the public retrospective</span>
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:34:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> yes...
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:34:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I was about asking infra team as well
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">18:34:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> We are back to the 10 ppl limit in HoA
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">18:34:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> eclipse recently adopted zoom after advice from linux foundation
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">18:34:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> rtyler olblak: ^
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">18:34:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> i can dig up costs
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">18:35:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> We also hit the limit at the Cloud Native SIG meeting
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">18:35:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> oh didn't realise that - not good if folks can't join
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">18:36:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> hey here's a topic not on the agenda
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">18:36:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> probably a better topic for the dev list?
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">18:36:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> we're not going to find a solution today
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">18:36:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">18:36:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Zoom would do the job
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">18:36:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Especially if we can get sponsorship
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">18:36:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> FWIW issues like that are invisible to those not affected at the time, so a heads up is important
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">18:37:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev anything else on GSoC?
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">18:37:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> not from me
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">18:37:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> let's wrap this up then
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">18:37:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">next meeting</span>
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">18:37:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> August 29
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">18:37:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> same time, same place
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">18:38:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rodrigc&gt;</span> can I add something to this meeting?
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">18:38:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> JCasC plugin naming?
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">18:38:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rodrigc&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">18:38:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> rodrigc can you make it quick? :)
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">18:38:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rodrigc&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">18:38:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rodrigc&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">modify plugin adoption process</span>
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">18:39:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> bring it on
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">18:39:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">18:39:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I have a draft for a change proposal
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">18:39:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rodrigc&gt;</span> Currently on the web page to adopt a plugin, it mentions that someone should e-mail the Jenkins mailing list
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">18:39:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rodrigc&gt;</span> for casual users of Jenkins, the e-mail lists are close to impossible to follow due to the popularity of Jenkins
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">18:39:39 </span><span class="nka">* oleg-nenashev</span> <span class="ac">has 518 drafts in his Gmail, do not be surprised</span>
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">18:39:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">modify plugin adoption process</span>
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">18:40:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rodrigc&gt;</span> My suggestion is that for adopting a plugin, someone should file a JIRA ticket against that plugin, and assign it to the current plugin owner
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">18:40:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rodrigc&gt;</span> a tag should be set on the JIRA ticket, something like "adopt-plugin"
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">18:40:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> JIRA may have only one assignee
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">18:40:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> rodrigc that deserves a larger audience, not something we can decide on today
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">18:40:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> But there may be multiple maintainers
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">18:41:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rodrigc&gt;</span> after a 2-3 week timeout period (to give the current plugin owner time to respond, due to vacation, sickness, etc.), then the plugin owner can be changed
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">18:41:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> rodrigc I recommend that you email the dev list with the proposal
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">18:41:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I would suggest to start a dev list discussion for it as well
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">18:41:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rodrigc&gt;</span> well assign to one, but then @mention the other owners or whatever in the ticket
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">18:41:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> rodrigc it needs to account for plugins tracking issues elsewhere though, plugins without component in Jira, etc.
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">18:41:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rodrigc&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">18:42:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> anyway, we could discuss that
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">18:42:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rodrigc&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">will email something to the jenkins-dev list</span>
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">18:42:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> rodrigc it's something we can entertain, but it needs to go through a dev list discussion and/or JEP
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">18:42:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> rodrigc but I agree, the initial adoption request is in a broken state
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">18:42:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rodrigc&gt;</span> the current process was OK when the Jenkins community was much smaller, but the current process is hard to follow
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">18:42:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">rodrigc to email the dev list about a revision of the plugin adoption process</span>
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">18:43:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rodrigc&gt;</span> Thank you for allowing me to add this to this meeting.
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">18:43:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">18:43:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> yes good suggestion for future improvements
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">18:43:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">next meeting</span>
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">18:43:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> August 29, same time, same channel
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">18:43:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> I might need to +r this channel, so make sure you're registered with nickserv
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">18:44:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
<!--
     FILE ARCHIVED ON 21:40:57 Oct 27, 2021 AND RETRIEVED FROM THE
     INTERNET ARCHIVE ON 15:06:41 Nov 09, 2022.
     JAVASCRIPT APPENDED BY WAYBACK MACHINE, COPYRIGHT INTERNET ARCHIVE.

     ALL OTHER CONTENT MAY ALSO BE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT (17 U.S.C.
     SECTION 108(a)(3)).
-->
<!--
playback timings (ms):
  captures_list: 3103.979
  exclusion.robots: 0.086
  exclusion.robots.policy: 0.079
  cdx.remote: 0.062
  esindex: 0.008
  LoadShardBlock: 204.781 (3)
  PetaboxLoader3.datanode: 55.155 (4)
  CDXLines.iter: 19.758 (3)
  PetaboxLoader3.resolve: 178.294 (2)
  load_resource: 71.673
-->