<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head><script src="//archive.org/includes/analytics.js?v=cf34f82" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">window.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded',function(){var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app211.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=723;archive_analytics.send_pageview({});});</script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/bundle-playback.js?v=MzYkZ0TU" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/wombat.js?v=UHAOicsW" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
  __wm.init("https://web.archive.org/web");
  __wm.wombat("http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.html","20211027230544","https://web.archive.org/","web","/_static/",
	      "1635375944");
</script>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/banner-styles.css?v=S1zqJCYt" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/iconochive.css?v=qtvMKcIJ" />
<!-- End Wayback Rewrite JS Include -->

<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by rtyler at 18:04:42 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Recap last meeting actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html#l-6">rtyler</a>, 18:04:58)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-08-15-18.00.html</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html#l-7">rtyler</a>,
    18:05:16)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-dev/Snz_mdXsq6s/VXtisasyDgAJ</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html#l-12">danielbeck</a>,
    18:06:17)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-dev/zrBUwcuhqBY/T_fd0DG9DwAJ</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html#l-13">danielbeck</a>,
    18:06:29)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html#l-17">rtyler</a>, 18:08:17)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GSoC Summer of Code: Results</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html#l-28">rtyler</a>, 18:10:52)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">: GSoC is over, yey. 2 projects passed, 1 was
    failed by mentors at the final evaluation. All projects bring value
    to the community and move critical stories forward</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html#l-32">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:13:03)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">oleg_nenashev
    to submit a summary blogpost this week</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html#l-34">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:13:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">: Join the GSoC SIG mailing list if you want to
    attend retrospective or share feedback:
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/jenkinsci-gsoc-all-public</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html#l-37">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:14:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">You can also meet Pham Vu Tuan at DevOps World
    | Jenkins World in US (Remoting over Kafka). He will be presenting
    at the Cloud Native SIG meeting there</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html#l-39">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:15:47)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Martin and me will also summarize GSoC at the
    Contributor summit + lightning talk in the Community Theater</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html#l-40">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:17:34)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Cloud Native SIG update</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html#l-48">rtyler</a>, 18:20:07)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Cloud Native SIG had two meetings this month:
    https://jenkins.io/sigs/cloud-native/#meetings</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html#l-50">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:21:32)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Man focus - Pluggable Storage stories, esp.
    External Logging and Configuration Storage. A number of JEPs were
    submitted and reviewed during the calls: JEP-206, 207, 210, 212, and
    213</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html#l-51">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:22:23)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Next Confirmed Cloud Native SIG meeting - Sep
    17, Contributor Summit. Drop your agenda items here:
    https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Hw1mpXSpH8BAe2YK5SrCfFuHQLRf__KnjDBK_SbhGls/edit</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html#l-62">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:26:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Platform SIG update</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html#l-72">rtyler</a>,
    18:29:32)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">https://jenkins.io/sigs/platform/</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html#l-74">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:29:56)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Over last month we had 3 meetings. Topics: Java
    10+ support planning,  Windows 64but packaging, OpenJ9 discussion
    (JOM) and, today, Multi-architecture Docker Images planning</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html#l-75">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:31:09)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Also, Jenkins project is now a part of Quality
    Outreach:
    https://wiki.openjdk.java.net/display/quality/Quality+Outreach</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html#l-77">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:32:15)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">: Regarding the Platform side, we are working
    on Chocolatey Packaging (Slide-O-Mix), and Docker images for Arm and
    ppc</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html#l-81">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:34:15)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Jenkins Ambassador applicants</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html#l-103">rtyler</a>, 18:42:02)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/Tp0Q1QAHP2k</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html#l-104">alyssat_</a>,
    18:42:07)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Jenkins+Ambassador</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html#l-107">danielbeck</a>,
    18:42:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">https://github.com/jenkinsci/jep/tree/master/jep/5</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html#l-114">danielbeck</a>,
    18:44:06)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html#l-143">danielbeck</a>, 18:51:59)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:53:25 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-29-18.04.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>oleg_nenashev to submit a summary blogpost this week</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (57)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (38)</li>
  <li>rtyler (33)</li>
  <li>alyssat_ (14)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>jglick (2)</li>
  <li>markewaite (2)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="https://web.archive.org/web/20211027230544/http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
<!--
     FILE ARCHIVED ON 23:05:44 Oct 27, 2021 AND RETRIEVED FROM THE
     INTERNET ARCHIVE ON 15:06:51 Nov 09, 2022.
     JAVASCRIPT APPENDED BY WAYBACK MACHINE, COPYRIGHT INTERNET ARCHIVE.

     ALL OTHER CONTENT MAY ALSO BE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT (17 U.S.C.
     SECTION 108(a)(3)).
-->
<!--
playback timings (ms):
  captures_list: 509.466
  exclusion.robots: 0.072
  exclusion.robots.policy: 0.066
  cdx.remote: 0.054
  esindex: 0.008
  LoadShardBlock: 83.861 (3)
  PetaboxLoader3.datanode: 64.361 (4)
  CDXLines.iter: 14.754 (3)
  load_resource: 209.09
  PetaboxLoader3.resolve: 100.757
-->