<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head><script src="//archive.org/includes/analytics.js?v=cf34f82" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">window.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded',function(){var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app204.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=384;archive_analytics.send_pageview({});});</script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/bundle-playback.js?v=MzYkZ0TU" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/wombat.js?v=UHAOicsW" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
  __wm.init("https://web.archive.org/web");
  __wm.wombat("http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-04-25-18.00.log.html","20211027220326","https://web.archive.org/","web","/_static/",
	      "1635372206");
</script>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/banner-styles.css?v=S1zqJCYt" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/iconochive.css?v=qtvMKcIJ" />
<!-- End Wayback Rewrite JS Include -->

<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:00:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:00:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:00:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">kohsuke danielbe_</span>
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:00:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Current chairs: danielbe_ kohsuke rtyler
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:00:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Last meeting actions</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:00:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> the last meeting log: http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-04-11-18.00.html
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:01:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> fortunately everything was on my plate /o\
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:01:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev is now set up as a "manager" on the YouTube Brand Account so he can run GSoC recorded sessions
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:02:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> the first office hours oleg-nenashev ran today in fact! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kg1-Zhsor-Q
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:02:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> the other item I had was updating the approved trademark usage page, which has been done: https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Approved+Trademark+Usage
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:03:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> the final item I had was to discuss some 2017 Jenkins project finances with kohsuke, which was a request from zobel, which hasn't yet been done
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:03:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> turns out kohsuke was on walkabout longer than I had anticipated :)
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:03:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> any questions on the last meeting's actions before we continue onward in the agenda: https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:03:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> rtyler re the finances, does this mean anything for reimbursements from 2017?
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:04:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> no, it's just us making sure that the books that SPI has are in line with what we expect
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:04:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> are there reimbursements you haven't seen go through from 2017 yet?
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:04:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> no, but I did it in mid 2017, since then there's been a few I haven't filed yet
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:04:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> if I can do those whenever then that's fine
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:04:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> if I should do those now I'd like to know
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:05:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> you should definitely file reimbursement formws
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:05:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> I will, but I wonder whether it needs to be done _now_ for 2017
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:05:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> now that I kind of see behind the scenes in SPI more, I'm trying to make sure that kohsuke isn't a SPoF for many of our interactions as far as reimbursements and things like that go
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:06:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbe_:</span> eeehhhh, that I don't know about, I'm pretty sure zobel and co. have closed the books for 2017, or are really trying to
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:06:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> huh
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:06:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> okay, will do that then
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:06:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> it's april dude
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:06:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:06:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> Us Germans get a full year for their taxes :P
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:06:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">zobel:</span> if you're around, any additional information on this topic would be helpful
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:07:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> didn't want this to hold up the meeting, I think we should move on?
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:07:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I'm going to guess not for today, danielbe_ I'll discuss with the folks in #spi on OFTC
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:08:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> alright, moving on
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:08:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">LTS status check</span>
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:08:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> off to ogondza, jglick, and oleg-nenashev for the usual LTS party? :)
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:08:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> while the tests are still running, it seems reasonably good to promise you RC out tomorrow
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:08:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> I have no special info about LTS.
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:08:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> https://ci.jenkins.io/job/Core/job/jenkins/job/stable-2.107/15/console
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:09:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> now the full suite including docker based tests should be run in upstream!
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:09:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> rtyler the contentious meeting is in two weeks when we select the next baseline :P
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:09:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;WolfpackFan&gt;</span> hey guys i'm here for the meeting.  I'd like to suggest changing the jenkins logo to something less offensive.  Thanks!
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:09:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> not as contentious as for 2.107.x I hope
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:10:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">WolfpackFan:</span> we have an agenda https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda if you have a topic, and we have time at the end, we'll get to it
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:10:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ogondza:</span> anything you need from anybody else to drive the LTS RC tomorrow?
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:10:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> so unless there are objections I would like to have an action recorded for myself please
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:10:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> rtyler, nope
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:10:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">ogondza to cut the next LTS RC this week</span>
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:11:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> rtyler, I have implemented your suggestion in the build i linked, FTR
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:11:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I have no idea what I suggested
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:11:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:11:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> I guess it was my idea, then
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:11:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> if it was a good idea, then probably wasn't me
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:11:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:11:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> thanks anyway
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:12:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> we can move on i think
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:12:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> alright, let's continue on
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:12:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">JEP-200 status update</span>
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:12:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jglick:</span> can you lead this topic?
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:12:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> I guess. Was actually added by oleg-nenashev and there is perhaps not much to say.
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:12:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/AUdrTLmezgU</span>
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:12:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> pretty much says it all
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:12:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> haha
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:12:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:13:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> I think he wanted to reserve a slot in case anyone wants to discuss this live.
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:13:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">according to oleg-nenashev, May 1st is when the JEP-200 related proactive maintenance period ends</span>
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:13:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> There is already a public retrospective doc, which would be the place for anyone to contribute feedback.
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:13:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">JEP-200 was "Switch Remoting/XStream blacklist to a whitelist"</span>
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:14:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> But in case there is anything which you think needs to be discussed specifically by governance people…
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:14:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">the retrospective document for JEP-200 can be found here https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KCCIxWh-c44GJbW_AwKooOd7wD4vthWp_KC0r2OJQl0/edit</span>
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:14:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> There was of course the general issue that lots of plugins are barely maintained, if at all, which makes it very difficult to do behavioral changes upstream.
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:14:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">both mentioned fixes ware added to 2.107.3 LTS</span>
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:15:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> since I don't believe we have oleg-nenashev with us today, I would recommend following up on the dev list thread with questions you all might have: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/AUdrTLmezgU
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:15:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ogondza:</span> \o/
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:15:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;martinda&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev is not here now, that's why I am here
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:15:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> <span class="hi">martinda:</span> great, anything you would like to add?
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:15:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> any JEP-200 related questions or areas of concern we should discuss? otherwise we can move on
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:15:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jglick:</span> I think he's here for our next item on the agenda :)
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:16:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> ah
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:16:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;martinda&gt;</span> nothing on this topic, I am here for the gsoc update
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:16:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Yes I think we can move on then.
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:16:50 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">taps his foot a few times</span>
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:17:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">GSoC status update</span>
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:17:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">martinda:</span> thanks for stepping up to discuss this today :)
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:17:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> the floor is yours
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:17:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;martinda&gt;</span> sure. there is not much for me to say since oleg-nenashev has already provided a written update https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/92wY9hBW1Vo
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:18:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;martinda&gt;</span> should I use the pound-info for this link?
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:18:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> links are automatically added to the meeting minutes as info items
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:19:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;martinda&gt;</span> we asked for 4 slots from GSoC, and we got all 4
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:19:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> how many mentors do we have signed up for those four projects?
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:19:48 </span><span class="nka">* martinda</span> <span class="ac">is counting</span>
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:20:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> if you run out of fingers and toes, I have a few extra you can use
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:20:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;martinda&gt;</span> we have at least two per project, some projects have 3
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:20:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> ah that's wonderful
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:20:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;martinda&gt;</span> yes, it is really nice
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:20:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">martinda:</span> are there any calls to action we should be aware of for non-mentors to get involved or help the students in any way?
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:20:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;martinda&gt;</span> this year we have lead mentors and co-mentors
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:21:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;martinda&gt;</span> we will need core contributors in specific areas to provide guidance
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:21:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;martinda&gt;</span> during the community bonding phase, so that projects get started in the right diretion
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:22:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> by core contributor do you mean to jenkinsci/jenkins or just frequent fliers? :)
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:22:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;martinda&gt;</span> we also collaborate with the librecores org for the EDA plugin project
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:23:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;martinda&gt;</span> core contributors or experts in specific aspects, either highly opinionated or those knowledgeable with the code
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:23:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> understood
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:23:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;martinda&gt;</span> I know jglick contributed several ideas to the simple pull-request plugin for example
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:24:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;martinda&gt;</span> the next three weeks are critical to discuss these ideas and determine the road the project will take
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:24:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> gotcha
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:24:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> after the next three weeks what happens?
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:25:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;martinda&gt;</span> The mentors are Oleg, Martin, Willy, Jeff, Supun, Kristin and possibly another Jeff, and one member for librecores Stefan
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:25:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;martinda&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> one more question
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:26:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;martinda&gt;</span> A student is asking if we need to create a github repository before creating a gitter room for the project?
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:26:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> it is ideal to do so, then the mapping is automatic by gitter
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:26:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> that's something I can help with after this meeting in #jenkins-infra
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:26:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;martinda&gt;</span> that would be under github.com/jenkinsci/&lt;gsoc project name&gt;
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:26:59 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">nods</span>
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:27:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;martinda&gt;</span> the meeting minutes for the first gsoc office hours are https://docs.google.com/document/d/18QKXxYrRm1XPmSHMNqCjIemTcm2hxF4NbZw7-EdcGrc/edit#
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:27:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> any questions for martinda before we move on?
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:27:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;martinda&gt;</span> gsoc coding starts on May 14. Some students may write code before that, but it is not required until then.
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:28:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;martinda&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> we will need someone to provide a plugin writing session on the hangout
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:28:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;martinda&gt;</span> plugin writing tutorial session that is, date tbd but in the next 3 weeks most likely.
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:29:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I suggest reaching out to markewaite or schristou who have given such sessions before, outside of this meeting
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:29:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;martinda&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:29:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> we also have recordings on youtube.com/c/jenkinscicd
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:30:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> shall we continue on?
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:30:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;martinda&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:30:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Unplanned agenda items</span>
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:31:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">WolfpackFan:</span> you had a concern you wanted to raise, while I don't think this is the right place to /start/ a discussion, I wanted to take the opportunity to point you in the right direction for pursuing this topic in the future if you're passionate about it
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:32:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;WolfpackFan&gt;</span> rtyler okay sounds good.. yes just want to reconsider the logo since it's a bit offensive, perhaps we could take design discussion on that
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:32:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;martinda&gt;</span> <span class="hi">WolfpackFan:</span> which logo is that? (just curious)
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:32:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;WolfpackFan&gt;</span> or i can raise the concern where needed
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:33:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> while I don't understand how it's offensive, the design was chosen by the project from a selection of logos submitted in 2011
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:33:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;WolfpackFan&gt;</span> the one here https://jenkins.io/
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:33:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;WolfpackFan&gt;</span> it could be construed as offensive to balding men
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:33:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> there are a number of balding men in the project who might disagree :)
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:33:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;WolfpackFan&gt;</span> this is 2018 so i think we want to make sure we aren't offending folks
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:34:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> to keep this productive, if you're serious, please state your case and discuss this at jenkinsci-dev@googlegroups.com
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:34:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;WolfpackFan&gt;</span> lol i'm just messing with yall, it's fine.  Enjoyed the meeting, yall have a good one
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:34:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> well
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:34:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">WolfpackFan:</span> if you want to poll bald folks, ask danielbe_ abayer and aheritier :P
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">18:34:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> at least we've demonstrated that this meeting _is_ open to everyone :)
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">18:34:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;WolfpackFan&gt;</span> indeed
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">18:35:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> as time goes on, I fear more and more of us are starting to look like Mr. Jenkins :-!
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">18:35:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> let's move forward :)
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">18:35:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Next meeting</span>
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">18:35:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I believe May 9th is the next slot on the calendar we have
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">18:35:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I don't see any big major holidays or reasons why we cannot hold a meeting then
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">18:36:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbe_&gt;</span> isn't europe off basically for all of May? :P
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">18:36:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">next meeting May 9th at 18:00 UTC</span>
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:36:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> when isn't europe on holiday or strike
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:36:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> anyways, thanks everybody for participating :)
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:36:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
<!--
     FILE ARCHIVED ON 22:03:26 Oct 27, 2021 AND RETRIEVED FROM THE
     INTERNET ARCHIVE ON 15:05:43 Nov 09, 2022.
     JAVASCRIPT APPENDED BY WAYBACK MACHINE, COPYRIGHT INTERNET ARCHIVE.

     ALL OTHER CONTENT MAY ALSO BE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT (17 U.S.C.
     SECTION 108(a)(3)).
-->
<!--
playback timings (ms):
  captures_list: 204.82
  exclusion.robots: 0.138
  exclusion.robots.policy: 0.129
  cdx.remote: 0.077
  esindex: 0.012
  LoadShardBlock: 163.54 (3)
  PetaboxLoader3.datanode: 195.678 (4)
  CDXLines.iter: 19.393 (3)
  load_resource: 168.897
  PetaboxLoader3.resolve: 113.948
-->