================
#jenkins Meeting
================


Meeting started by kohsuke at 18:02:31 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2015/jenkins.2015-04-01-18.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
  (kohsuke, 18:02:38)
* recap of actions  (kohsuke, 18:02:47)
  * https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/MEETING  (kohsuke, 18:03:04)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to write to christina  (kohsuke, 18:04:50)

* JUC 2015 - obtain approval for a Mobile Morning mini-track that focus
  on Jenkins mobile development (Alyssa)  (kohsuke, 18:05:45)

* Build/publisher steps & AbortException handling  (kohsuke, 18:10:51)

* Defining guidelines on expected behavior and/or structure for plugins?
  If so, should we enforce them?  (kohsuke, 18:11:40)

* Would changing the meeting time to 10 AM PST/PDT allow overruns?
  (kohsuke, 18:12:43)
  * AGREED: if oleg, kostyasha or anyone else really want to change the
    time, we'll reconsider, but for now we keep the time as is.
    (kohsuke, 18:17:16)

* Who gets voice on IRC? "Committers"... to any plugin? To core?
  (kohsuke, 18:17:25)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to log #jenkins-infra  (kohsuke, 18:26:13)
  * AGREED: we'll run jenkins-admin bot also in #jenkins-infra and
    restrict destructive commands to people with +v on #jenkins-infra
    (kohsuke, 18:27:59)
  * ACTION: danielbeck to ask oleg if he can hack ircbot to do this
    (kohsuke, 18:28:13)

* JENKINS-27268  (kohsuke, 18:28:50)
  * LINK: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Master/slave_%28technology%29
    generally  (jglick, 18:45:26)

* Bug bounties/rewards for security issues  (kohsuke, 18:55:35)
  * LINK:
    http://blog.cloudbees.com/2015/01/breakingbuilds-twitter-contest-results.html
    (danielbeck, 19:00:04)
  * LINK: https://www.shapeways.com/product/NZAN5AGUS/mr-jenkins-v2
    (kohsuke, 19:01:20)
  * AGREED: non-cash gifts to be provided to reporters of SECURITY
    issues if and when the issue is accepted as a vulnerability (not
    merely security hardening) and a fix published. Maximum one gift per
    reporter and Jenkins committers are excluded.  (jglick, 19:09:46)

* Resurrecting the MEETING Jira project (maybe even have the bot create
  issues for action items automatically)  (danielbeck, 19:11:45)
  * LINK: https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/MEETING   (danielbeck,
    19:13:21)
  * https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/MEETING  (jglick, 19:13:46)
  * ACTION: Kamran to look into adding MEETING issue creation to
    robobutler  (danielbeck, 19:23:00)

* The important content of the Wiki is difficult to find (between
  outdated or even empty pages), and there's no real introduction to
  Jenkins â€“ What can we do about it?  (danielbeck, 19:23:29)
  * LINK: https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Meet+Jenkins
    (danielbeck, 19:24:59)
  * ACTION: danielbeck to ask for ideas on improving the documentation
    on the dev list  (danielbeck, 19:38:33)

* Proposal: move Jenkins official image repo to jenkinsci org so
  enhancement / version updates can be managed by the community
  (danielbeck, 19:39:09)
  * https://github.com/cloudbees/jenkins-ci.org-docker  (jglick,
    19:40:55)
  * LINK: https://github.com/jenkins-infra   (jglick, 19:43:04)
  * https://registry.hub.docker.com/_/jenkins/  (jglick, 19:47:28)
  * LINK: https://registry.hub.docker.com/search?q=library&f=official
    (jglick, 19:47:56)
  * AGREED: move Jenkins docker repo from @cloudbees into @jenkinsci,
    rename to jenkins-docker-container  (danielbeck, 19:53:30)
  * ACTION: ndeloof to do the move  (jglick, 19:53:53)

* Disabling "Clone" feature in JIRA  (danielbeck, 19:54:16)
  * AGREED: Remove/disable clone action in Jira  (danielbeck, 19:59:05)
  * ACTION: danielbeck to figure out how to get rid of clone in Jira
    (danielbeck, 19:59:38)

* The Chinese mirror is a mess  (danielbeck, 19:59:49)
  * http://mirrors.jenkins-ci.org/status.html  (danielbeck, 19:59:58)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to disable mirror.bit.edu.cn  (kohsuke, 20:08:13)
  * ACTION: somebody needs to file INFRA ticket to puppetize mirrobrain
    (kohsuke, 20:08:44)

* next meeting  (kohsuke, 20:12:56)

Meeting ended at 20:13:22 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* kohsuke to write to christina
* kohsuke to log #jenkins-infra
* danielbeck to ask oleg if he can hack ircbot to do this
* Kamran to look into adding MEETING issue creation to robobutler
* danielbeck to ask for ideas on improving the documentation on the dev
  list
* ndeloof to do the move
* danielbeck to figure out how to get rid of clone in Jira
* kohsuke to disable mirror.bit.edu.cn
* somebody needs to file INFRA ticket to puppetize mirrobrain




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* danielbeck
  * danielbeck to ask oleg if he can hack ircbot to do this
  * danielbeck to ask for ideas on improving the documentation on the
    dev list
  * danielbeck to figure out how to get rid of clone in Jira
* Kamran
  * Kamran to look into adding MEETING issue creation to robobutler
* kohsuke
  * kohsuke to write to christina
  * kohsuke to log #jenkins-infra
  * kohsuke to disable mirror.bit.edu.cn
* robobutler
  * Kamran to look into adding MEETING issue creation to robobutler
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * ndeloof to do the move
  * somebody needs to file INFRA ticket to puppetize mirrobrain




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* danielbeck (156)
* kohsuke (144)
* Kamran (111)
* jglick (50)
* rtyler (15)
* orrc_ (13)
* jenkins-admin (10)
* ogondza (10)
* hare_brain (6)
* aheritier (5)
* arminius (4)
* schristou (3)
* robobutler (3)
* jenkins-builds (3)
* bookwar (2)
* batmat (2)
* jieryn (1)
* sjmikem (1)
* microm (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
