================
#jenkins Meeting
================


Meeting started by danielbeck at 18:19:31 UTC. The full logs are
available at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2015/jenkins.2015-05-27-18.19.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Implementing wiki page requirement  (danielbeck, 18:19:40)

* Recap last meeting's actions  (danielbeck, 18:21:05)
  * LINK:
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2015/jenkins.2015-05-13-18.07.html
    (danielbeck, 18:21:24)

* LTS RC status check  (danielbeck, 18:22:58)

* When to flip the switch on plugins without wiki pages?  (danielbeck,
  18:25:01)
  * https://github.com/jenkinsci/backend-update-center2/pull/20
    (danielbeck, 18:28:01)
  * LINK:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/pages/diffpages.action?originalId=79495453&pageId=79495455
    (KostyaSha, 18:54:33)
  * LINK: https://github.com/jenkinsci/backend-update-center2/pull/20
    you mean  (jglick, 19:09:46)
  * ACTION: orrc and danielbeck to implement Wiki <url> requirement on
    Monday June 1  (danielbeck, 19:14:58)

* Can we start to look at fixing the single points of failure?
  (danielbeck, 19:16:18)

* next meeting  (danielbeck, 19:20:32)

Meeting ended at 19:21:33 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* orrc and danielbeck to implement Wiki <url> requirement on Monday June
  1




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* danielbeck
  * orrc and danielbeck to implement Wiki <url> requirement on Monday
    June 1
* orrc
  * orrc and danielbeck to implement Wiki <url> requirement on Monday
    June 1
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* danielbeck (62)
* KostyaSha (48)
* orrc (20)
* batmat (15)
* ogondza (14)
* jglick (10)
* jenkins-admin (6)
* rtyler (4)
* oleg-nenashev (3)
* robobutler (2)
* nanonyme (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
