================
#jenkins Meeting
================


Meeting started by kohsuke at 18:00:00 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2015/jenkins.2015-04-29-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
  (kohsuke, 18:00:23)
* security bounty  (kohsuke, 18:00:41)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to update wiki about the token reward, and send the
    first thank you gift to the guy for the suggestion.  (kohsuke,
    18:15:43)
  * AGREED: -1 for retrospective awards, +1 to give the guy/gal a gift
    as a thankyou for the bounty suggestion  (kohsuke, 18:16:32)

* Trademark usage approval for "CloudBees Jenkins Platform"  (kohsuke,
  18:17:00)
  *
    https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-dev/mImqR4sUiys/TvDEdUHx-QQJ
    (kohsuke, 18:19:23)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to go back about jenkinshosting.com thread, asking
    them to submit a request in email, and attribution  (kohsuke,
    18:29:24)

* We only allow OSS plugins to be distributed via the update center, but
  what about closed source plugins which are documented on our wiki?
  (kohsuke, 18:31:01)

* Trademark usage approval for "CloudBees Jenkins Platform"  (kohsuke,
  18:31:46)
  * ACTION: kohsuke needs to chase abayer to get his +1 recorded
    (kohsuke, 18:32:26)
  * AGREED: CloudBees Jenkins Platform is OK, subject to the same
    condition as before:
    https://gist.github.com/kohsuke/573cb5620fcc25c9e5c0/4adb656ca15cac5707ee8fa1e4dabb56855e31c3
    (kohsuke, 18:33:57)

* We only allow OSS plugins to be distributed via the update center, but
  what about closed source plugins which are documented on our wiki?
  (kohsuke, 18:34:22)
  * LINK:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/CxSuite+Jenkins+Plugin
    is relevant to Jenkins, so I think this one is OK  (kohsuke,
    18:37:53)
  * LINK: https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Praqma ?
    (danielbeck, 18:39:55)

* Should we only include plugins in the Update Centre if they have a
  wiki page?  (kohsuke, 18:58:19)
  *
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/jenkinsci-dev/oEHEjKo08yA/_z2GEtcUfz0J
    (kohsuke, 18:58:38)

* LTS.next  (kohsuke, 19:04:15)
  * http://jenkins-ci.org/changelog click both upcoming changes &
    community ratings  (jglick, 19:06:40)
  *
    https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/compare/jenkins-1.607...jenkins-1.609
    (jglick, 19:36:22)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/compare/jenkins-1.609...master
    ?  (KostyaSha, 19:39:54)
  * https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/compare/jenkins-1.609...master
    (jglick, 19:39:58)
  * AGREED: next LTS will be based on 1.609  (kohsuke, 19:41:27)

* next meeting  (kohsuke, 19:41:53)
  * next meeting will be in May 13th  (kohsuke, 19:42:36)

Meeting ended at 19:43:52 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* kohsuke to update wiki about the token reward, and send the first
  thank you gift to the guy for the suggestion.
* kohsuke to go back about jenkinshosting.com thread, asking them to
  submit a request in email, and attribution
* kohsuke needs to chase abayer to get his +1 recorded




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* kohsuke
  * kohsuke to update wiki about the token reward, and send the first
    thank you gift to the guy for the suggestion.
  * kohsuke to go back about jenkinshosting.com thread, asking them to
    submit a request in email, and attribution
  * kohsuke needs to chase abayer to get his +1 recorded
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* kohsuke (118)
* danielbeck (71)
* KostyaSha (56)
* hare_brain (34)
* jglick (31)
* oleg-nenashev (27)
* jenkins-builds (20)
* teilo (18)
* ogondza (16)
* orrc (13)
* jenkins-admin (12)
* robobutler (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
