========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:41 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2019/jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Last meeting actions  (rtyler, 18:01:17)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/c7DaQeZIrQE
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:03:21)

* LTS status check  (rtyler, 18:03:41)

* LTS baseline selection  (rtyler, 18:07:31)
  * recommend for release officer to take 2.176 as the next baseline
    (rtyler, 18:12:48)

* GSoC Update  (rtyler, 18:14:56)
  * GSoC projects have been announced. There will be 7 projects in
    Jenkins this year:
    https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/organizations/5489320354381824/
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:15:07)
  * https://communitybridge.org/  (oleg-nenashev, 18:22:19)

* Google Season of Docs Update  (rtyler, 18:25:47)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to add Docs SIG meeting to the Jenkins
    calendar  (oleg-nenashev, 18:28:21)
  * ACTION: markewaite get agreement on a regularly scheduled time for
    Docs SIG meeting  (markewaite, 18:28:53)

* Outreachy Update  (rtyler, 18:29:33)
  * we have 2 outreachy interns for this round  (tracymiranda, 18:30:14)
  * LINK: https://www.outreachy.org/alums/   (tracymiranda, 18:30:23)
  * Both candidates will be funded by the Jenkins community
    (tracymiranda, 18:30:52)

* CDF Update  (rtyler, 18:39:01)
  * Jenkins project is still in transition to CDF, still expected to
    take a few weeks as legal & other issues are worked through
    (tracymiranda, 18:40:03)
  * 2 new Technical Oversight Committee seats have been filled: Kris
    Nova & Tara Hernandez  (tracymiranda, 18:42:14)
  * An nomination process and election will shortly be run for a seat on
    the Governing Board to be filled by a project contributor
    (tracymiranda, 18:52:29)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to find the trademark question from Rick
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:57:05)
  * ACTION: tracymiranda to follow up on project contributor seat on GB
    (tracymiranda, 18:57:42)
  * ACTION: alyssat_  to join
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/jenkins-advocacy-and-outreach-sig
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:57:55)

* Next meeting  (rtyler, 18:59:50)
  * our next meeting should be at the same time, same place, on May 22nd
    (rtyler, 19:00:13)

Meeting ended at 19:00:16 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* oleg_nenashev to add Docs SIG meeting to the Jenkins calendar
* markewaite get agreement on a regularly scheduled time for Docs SIG
  meeting
* oleg_nenashev to find the trademark question from Rick
* tracymiranda to follow up on project contributor seat on GB
* alyssat_  to join
  https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/jenkins-advocacy-and-outreach-sig




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* alyssat_
  * alyssat_  to join
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/jenkins-advocacy-and-outreach-sig
* markewaite
  * markewaite get agreement on a regularly scheduled time for Docs SIG
    meeting
* tracymiranda
  * tracymiranda to follow up on project contributor seat on GB
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * oleg_nenashev to add Docs SIG meeting to the Jenkins calendar
  * oleg_nenashev to find the trademark question from Rick




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* oleg-nenashev (75)
* rtyler (53)
* tracymiranda (50)
* markewaite (12)
* alyssat_ (4)
* robobutler (2)
* danielbeck (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
