========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by rtyler at 18:01:32 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2019/jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Last Meeting Actions  (rtyler, 18:01:38)
  * Today's meeting agenda can be found here:
    https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda#GovernanceMeetingAgenda-July31
    (rtyler, 18:02:18)

* Weekly release delay  (rtyler, 18:02:37)
  * ACTION: oleg-nenashev to ping rtyler about pinging KK if there is no
    clarity about the Weekly  release by Friday  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:07:34)

* LTS status check  (rtyler, 18:09:17)
  * danielbeck started a thread about the LTS schedule around DevOps
    World Jenkins World here:
    https://groups.google.com/d/msgid/jenkinsci-dev/956E3B69-90A4-4897-8023-8811DE8FBD90%40beckweb.net
    (rtyler, 18:09:42)
  * LTS release schedule is available n
    https://jenkins.io/event-calendar/  (oleg-nenashev, 18:12:05)
  * https://github.com/jenkinsci/docker/releases for new changelogs
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:14:36)

* GSoC update  (rtyler, 18:15:48)
  * Video recordings: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnoObQqGhyM ,
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HlENuZZq7zc  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:17:43)

* GSoC Budgeting  (rtyler, 18:21:52)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/MaFMYoo8Nxg
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:22:05)
  * https://github.com/jenkinsci/jep/tree/master/jep/8  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:22:19)
  * AGREED: JEP-8 looks good and GSoC Budgeting can be delegated to GSoC
    admins  (rtyler, 18:28:10)
  * ACTION: rtyler and oleg_nenashev to finalize the JEP and to get it
    accepted  (oleg-nenashev, 18:28:33)

* Budget approvals for the Community Bridge dry-run  (rtyler, 18:28:46)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/ZyLV-FTPbcM
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:29:03)
  * This topic is discussing using Community Bridge for a single project
    as an experiment to validate the approach  (rtyler, 18:30:57)
  * Jenkins now has a funding page available on Community Bridge, where
    the project can receive community donations
    https://funding.communitybridge.org/projects/jenkins  (tracymiranda,
    18:33:56)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to document the payment process as a JEP draft
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:44:37)
  * AGREED: we're going to do a trial run project with Community bridge,
    allocating $3500 of budget  (rtyler, 18:44:41)

* SIG status reports  (rtyler, 18:44:55)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev  to request access to Trusted CI for him and
    batmat  (oleg-nenashev, 18:50:20)
  * ACTION: markewaite write Platform SIG 2019 report to highlight
    contributions and contributors  (markewaite, 18:54:03)
  * https://github.com/jenkinsci/jep/tree/master/jep/4#specification
    "Report activity in the bi-weekly Governance Meeting at least once
    every 6 weeks"  (markewaite, 19:01:10)

* Next meeting  (rtyler, 19:02:32)

Meeting ended at 19:03:44 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* oleg-nenashev to ping rtyler about pinging KK if there is no clarity
  about the Weekly  release by Friday
* rtyler and oleg_nenashev to finalize the JEP and to get it accepted
* oleg_nenashev to document the payment process as a JEP draft
* oleg_nenashev  to request access to Trusted CI for him and batmat
* markewaite write Platform SIG 2019 report to highlight contributions
  and contributors




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* markewaite
  * markewaite write Platform SIG 2019 report to highlight contributions
    and contributors
* oleg-nenashev
  * oleg-nenashev to ping rtyler about pinging KK if there is no clarity
    about the Weekly  release by Friday
* rtyler
  * oleg-nenashev to ping rtyler about pinging KK if there is no clarity
    about the Weekly  release by Friday
  * rtyler and oleg_nenashev to finalize the JEP and to get it accepted
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * oleg_nenashev to document the payment process as a JEP draft
  * oleg_nenashev  to request access to Trusted CI for him and batmat




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (88)
* oleg-nenashev (86)
* markewaite (31)
* tracymiranda (19)
* ogondza (8)
* markyjackson (7)
* natashaaa (2)
* robobutler (2)
* danielbeck (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
