<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head><script src="//archive.org/includes/analytics.js?v=cf34f82" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">window.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded',function(){var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app209.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=320;archive_analytics.send_pageview({});});</script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/bundle-playback.js?v=MzYkZ0TU" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/wombat.js?v=UHAOicsW" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
  __wm.init("https://web.archive.org/web");
  __wm.wombat("http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2019/jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.html","20211027225548","https://web.archive.org/","web","/_static/",
	      "1635375348");
</script>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/banner-styles.css?v=S1zqJCYt" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/iconochive.css?v=qtvMKcIJ" />
<!-- End Wayback Rewrite JS Include -->

<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:41 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Last meeting actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.log.html#l-6">rtyler</a>, 18:01:17)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/c7DaQeZIrQE</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.log.html#l-16">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:03:21)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.log.html#l-18">rtyler</a>, 18:03:41)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS baseline selection</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.log.html#l-24">rtyler</a>, 18:07:31)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">recommend for release officer to take 2.176 as
    the next baseline</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.log.html#l-45">rtyler</a>,
    18:12:48)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GSoC Update</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.log.html#l-49">rtyler</a>, 18:14:56)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">GSoC projects have been announced. There will
    be 7 projects in Jenkins this year:
    https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/organizations/5489320354381824/</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.log.html#l-51">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:15:07)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">https://communitybridge.org/</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.log.html#l-80">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:22:19)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Google Season of Docs Update</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.log.html#l-92">rtyler</a>, 18:25:47)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">oleg_nenashev
    to add Docs SIG meeting to the Jenkins calendar</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.log.html#l-102">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:28:21)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">markewaite
    get agreement on a regularly scheduled time for Docs SIG
    meeting</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.log.html#l-103">markewaite</a>,
    18:28:53)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Outreachy Update</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.log.html#l-105">rtyler</a>, 18:29:33)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">we have 2 outreachy interns for this
    round</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.log.html#l-106">tracymiranda</a>,
    18:30:14)</span></li>
  <li><a href="https://web.archive.org/web/20211027225548/https://www.outreachy.org/alums/">https://www.outreachy.org/alums/</a>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.log.html#l-107">tracymiranda</a>,
    18:30:23)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Both candidates will be funded by the Jenkins
    community</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.log.html#l-109">tracymiranda</a>,
    18:30:52)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">CDF Update</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.log.html#l-129">rtyler</a>, 18:39:01)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Jenkins project is still in transition to CDF,
    still expected to take a few weeks as legal &amp; other issues are
    worked through</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.log.html#l-131">tracymiranda</a>,
    18:40:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2 new Technical Oversight Committee seats have
    been filled: Kris Nova &amp; Tara Hernandez</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.log.html#l-139">tracymiranda</a>,
    18:42:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">An nomination process and election will shortly
    be run for a seat on the Governing Board to be filled by a project
    contributor</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.log.html#l-167">tracymiranda</a>,
    18:52:29)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">oleg_nenashev
    to find the trademark question from Rick</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.log.html#l-182">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:57:05)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">tracymiranda
    to follow up on project contributor seat on GB</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.log.html#l-183">tracymiranda</a>,
    18:57:42)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">alyssat_  to
    join
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/jenkins-advocacy-and-outreach-sig</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.log.html#l-184">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:57:55)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.log.html#l-194">rtyler</a>, 18:59:50)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">our next meeting should be at the same time,
    same place, on May 22nd</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.log.html#l-195">rtyler</a>,
    19:00:13)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 19:00:16 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-05-08-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>oleg_nenashev to add Docs SIG meeting to the Jenkins calendar</li>
  <li>markewaite get agreement on a regularly scheduled time for Docs SIG meeting</li>
  <li>oleg_nenashev to find the trademark question from Rick</li>
  <li>tracymiranda to follow up on project contributor seat on GB</li>
  <li>alyssat_  to join https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/jenkins-advocacy-and-outreach-sig</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> alyssat_ <ol>
    <li>alyssat_  to join https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/jenkins-advocacy-and-outreach-sig</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> markewaite <ol>
    <li>markewaite get agreement on a regularly scheduled time for Docs SIG meeting</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> tracymiranda <ol>
    <li>tracymiranda to follow up on project contributor seat on GB</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li><b>UNASSIGNED</b><ol>
    <li>oleg_nenashev to add Docs SIG meeting to the Jenkins calendar</li>
    <li>oleg_nenashev to find the trademark question from Rick</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (75)</li>
  <li>rtyler (53)</li>
  <li>tracymiranda (50)</li>
  <li>markewaite (12)</li>
  <li>alyssat_ (4)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="https://web.archive.org/web/20211027225548/http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
<!--
     FILE ARCHIVED ON 22:55:48 Oct 27, 2021 AND RETRIEVED FROM THE
     INTERNET ARCHIVE ON 15:02:17 Nov 09, 2022.
     JAVASCRIPT APPENDED BY WAYBACK MACHINE, COPYRIGHT INTERNET ARCHIVE.

     ALL OTHER CONTENT MAY ALSO BE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT (17 U.S.C.
     SECTION 108(a)(3)).
-->
<!--
playback timings (ms):
  captures_list: 221.328
  exclusion.robots: 0.089
  exclusion.robots.policy: 0.082
  cdx.remote: 0.085
  esindex: 0.01
  LoadShardBlock: 176.144 (3)
  PetaboxLoader3.datanode: 151.87 (4)
  CDXLines.iter: 16.718 (3)
  load_resource: 89.867
  PetaboxLoader3.resolve: 50.151
-->