18:02:19 <Slide-O-Mix> #startmeeting
18:02:19 <robobutler> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
18:03:06 <Slide-O-Mix> #topic Recap of previous action items
18:03:40 <Slide-O-Mix> I don't see any action items in the agenda, are there specific ones that people want to cover?
18:04:17 <tracymiranda> nothing from myside
18:05:41 <Slide-O-Mix> ok, lets move on
18:05:44 <markewaite> none from me, though I'd love to hear a status report on the release of Jenkins LTS 2.204.1 (not on the agenda)
18:06:11 <Slide-O-Mix> #topic Board elections retrospective
18:06:37 <Slide-O-Mix> tracymiranda: oleg-nenashev you are both listed for this topic
18:06:56 <Slide-O-Mix> markewaite: lets put that at the end if we have time, does that work?
18:07:21 <markewaite> Yes, also OK to skip it since I failed to add it to agenda
18:08:31 <Slide-O-Mix> we have https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Htgjq2Gnojz6a-FE62kgjIq6AVR8ctPcARbd-m2KctQ/edit?usp=sharing as a doc for feedback on the elections, is there something specific that we need to discuss?
18:09:02 <tracymiranda> just remind folks to provide input
18:09:16 <tracymiranda> we will discuss face-to-face at outreach meeting tomorrow
18:09:27 <Slide-O-Mix> ok, do we want to send out another email to the users list?
18:09:51 <Slide-O-Mix> with a note about the outreach meeting
18:10:46 <Slide-O-Mix> I think it would be good, I'll send one out later today
18:10:55 <Slide-O-Mix> anything else on this topic?
18:11:42 <Slide-O-Mix> I'll take that as a "no"
18:11:53 <tracymiranda> nothing for me
18:12:05 <Slide-O-Mix> #topic Approve new Twitter contributors
18:12:23 <tracymiranda> this is my one
18:12:33 <Slide-O-Mix> tracymiranda: we have some approvals from https://groups.google.com/forum/m/#!msg/jenkinsci-dev/WBwlshm4o7g/ooyjYkTvAQAJ. I think folks are generally in favor
18:12:40 <oleg-nenashev> casting +1 for markewaite , abstain w.r.t myself
18:12:50 <Slide-O-Mix> I'm definitely a +1 on this onr
18:12:53 <Slide-O-Mix> one*
18:13:00 <tracymiranda> great - any other votes?
18:13:10 <markewaite> +1 from me for oleg, abstain for self
18:13:20 <tracymiranda> also an explicit +1 for me for both
18:13:31 <Slide-O-Mix> anyone else want to chime in?
18:14:15 <Slide-O-Mix> I think it meets approval, is there any infra ticket that needs to be filed, or can you handle the twitter side without anyone else?
18:14:49 <tracymiranda> I'll follow up with rtyler who is the twitter admin
18:14:57 <Slide-O-Mix> awesome, thanks!
18:15:05 <Slide-O-Mix> anything else on that topic?
18:15:25 <markewaite> tracymiranda will you also discuss the twitter metrics question with rtyler?
18:15:35 <tracymiranda> just a reminder to folks to submit content or tweets for retweeting via the outreach gitter channel
18:16:03 <markewaite> is there a way that we can see the twitter activity reports so that we understand the impact of various tweets?
18:16:13 <tracymiranda> only admin can see that
18:16:32 <markewaite> and admin can't be shared, right?
18:16:33 <tracymiranda> we can ask rtyler for monthly analytics - used to do this just ran out of bandwidth
18:16:48 <tracymiranda> that's right - not possible to share via tweetdeck afaik
18:17:13 <Slide-O-Mix> thats a bummer
18:17:43 <Slide-O-Mix> anything else for twitter?
18:18:13 <tracymiranda> not from me
18:18:32 <Slide-O-Mix> oleg-nenashev: do you want to talk about the governence meeting tooling? it was a maybe on the agenda
18:18:56 <Slide-O-Mix> governance*
18:19:30 <Slide-O-Mix> going once...
18:19:34 <Slide-O-Mix> going twice...
18:19:43 <Slide-O-Mix> we'll skip for today
18:20:28 <Slide-O-Mix> #topic 2.204.1 release update
18:20:39 <Slide-O-Mix> markewaite: what did you want to talk about on 2.204.1?
18:21:11 <markewaite> Wanted to confirm that kk is still "go" to generate the build today, no blockers, etc.
18:21:41 <Slide-O-Mix> I don't see kk on, maybe ogondza knows?
18:22:15 <Slide-O-Mix> or maybe ogondza is not actually here either
18:22:34 <Slide-O-Mix> I don't think we have anyone here who knows that answer
18:22:55 <markewaite> No problem.  Last I heard was that we were still on track to release today.
18:22:56 <ogondza> yep, we are ready
18:23:01 <Slide-O-Mix> aha!
18:23:08 <Slide-O-Mix> awesome, no blockers?
18:23:18 <ogondza> nope, the one we suspected was explained
18:23:33 <Slide-O-Mix> great, sounds like its a "go" markewaite
18:23:45 <Slide-O-Mix> any other comments/questions on 2.204.1 release?
18:24:13 <oleg-nenashev> I have confirmation from KK that he can cut a release today
18:24:19 <Slide-O-Mix> great
18:24:32 <Slide-O-Mix> did you want to circle back on tooling oleg-nenashev?
18:24:42 <oleg-nenashev> Let's skip it
18:24:42 <Slide-O-Mix> governance meeting tooling
18:24:46 <Slide-O-Mix> ok
18:24:46 <ogondza> mind the next backporting window will take weeks
18:24:54 <ogondza> (as discussed on ML)
18:25:00 <Slide-O-Mix> right
18:25:22 <Slide-O-Mix> ok, I think thats all for today unless anyone has anything else
18:25:27 <Slide-O-Mix> ?
18:25:51 <Slide-O-Mix> #endmeeting