========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by kohsuke at 19:00:17 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
  (kohsuke, 19:00:40)
* recap of the actions from the last week  (kohsuke, 19:00:56)
  *
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.html
    (kohsuke, 19:01:15)

* LTS status check  (kohsuke, 19:04:07)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to push 1.642.2 release commit and ping ogondza so
    that he can post RC  (kohsuke, 19:05:33)
  * AGREED: 1.642.3 RC is good to go  (kohsuke, 19:06:37)

* board election update  (kohsuke, 19:06:51)
  * board election logistics are still stalled based on the zero time
    available to work on it  (rtyler, 19:07:36)
  * given my current workload and the difficulty in getting all the
    logistics in place, I think we would reasonably be able to start the
    election process in April  (rtyler, 19:11:26)
  * https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Board+Election+Process
    (kohsuke, 19:14:11)
  * ACTION: rtyler to compile a more exact timeline of the candidacy
    process for the next meeting  (rtyler, 19:15:17)

* 2.0 status check  (kohsuke, 19:16:46)
  * https://jenkins-ci.org/2.0  (rtyler, 19:17:04)
  * feedback thread on the jenkinsci-users list:
    https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-users/fEWFVUj0UVY/GbG0ChvkIgAJ
    (rtyler, 19:17:50)
  * IDEA: we need to have that better tracked in our JIRA  (kohsuke,
    19:18:52)
  * ACTION: I'm going to ask Patrick to take on "what's left" page
    (kohsuke, 19:20:00)
  *
    https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-dev/84dTygm378g/7oct6gbJBwAJ
    (danielbeck, 19:21:15)
  *
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Plugin+Selection+for+the+Setup+Dialog
    (rtyler, 19:22:29)
  * ACTION: kohsuke what does hrmpw mean :-)  (batmat, 19:23:05)

* Certification update from beta exams  (kohsuke, 19:27:19)
  * autojack sits on the certification advisory board  (kohsuke,
    19:34:02)
  * correction, autojack volunteered to the certification advisory board
    (kohsuke, 19:34:45)

* Conversion of Office Hours to Jenkins Online meetup  (kohsuke,
  19:35:00)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/LMTCNDv-jgY
    (rtyler, 19:35:34)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/LMTCNDv-jgY
    (kohsuke, 19:35:34)
  * AGREED: create a new virtual JAM meetup group  (rtyler, 19:40:00)
  * AGREED: as vJAM lead oleg-nenashev  and danielbeck will figure out
    how to actually run the meetup virtually, webex/gtm/hangout-on-air
    (kohsuke, 19:46:15)
  * ACTION: alyssat will set up vJAM group in meetup.com  (kohsuke,
    19:46:34)

* Planning of GSoC office hours  (kohsuke, 19:47:16)
  *
    https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dv9UXyT_FPukJXrBYauIKvxrZeEU6BT7v90LSQX36MU/edit#
    (kohsuke, 19:47:35)
  * Jenkins has been accepted to GSoC  (oleg-nenashev, 19:47:40)
  * We have committed to perform special office hours  (oleg-nenashev,
    19:47:59)
  *
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Google+Summer+Of+Code+2016
    (rtyler, 19:48:26)
  * We should help students to prepare their applications by March 14th
    (oleg-nenashev, 19:48:46)
  * GSoC students will find Jenkins and its ideas page via the official
    org page:
    https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/organizations/5668199471251456/
    (orrc, 19:50:06)
  * overall GSoC timeline:
    https://developers.google.com/open-source/gsoc/timeline  (orrc,
    19:51:05)
  * https://developers.google.com/open-source/gsoc/timeline
    (oleg-nenashev, 19:52:35)
  * AGREED: the conversation about the virtual open house will continue
    in #jenkins-community  (kohsuke, 19:57:53)

* next meeting time  (kohsuke, 19:58:06)
  * next meeting will be in March 16th the usual time  (kohsuke,
    19:58:38)
  * watch out for US DST change. For the rest of the world this meeting
    will move up by an hour  (kohsuke, 19:59:34)

Meeting ended at 19:59:51 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* kohsuke to push 1.642.2 release commit and ping ogondza so that he can
  post RC
* rtyler to compile a more exact timeline of the candidacy process for
  the next meeting
* I'm going to ask Patrick to take on "what's left" page
* kohsuke what does hrmpw mean :-)
* alyssat will set up vJAM group in meetup.com




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* alyssat
  * alyssat will set up vJAM group in meetup.com
* kohsuke
  * kohsuke to push 1.642.2 release commit and ping ogondza so that he
    can post RC
  * kohsuke what does hrmpw mean :-)
* ogondza
  * kohsuke to push 1.642.2 release commit and ping ogondza so that he
    can post RC
* rtyler
  * rtyler to compile a more exact timeline of the candidacy process for
    the next meeting
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * I'm going to ask Patrick to take on "what's left" page




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (144)
* kohsuke (84)
* oleg-nenashev (38)
* danielbeck (30)
* batmat (29)
* orrc (17)
* teilo (11)
* alyssat (9)
* autojack (8)
* ogondza (7)
* robobutler (2)
* Slide-O-Mix (2)
* schristou (1)
* hare_brain (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
