========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by danielbeck at 19:03:17 UTC. The full logs are
available at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-01-20-19.03.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Recap last meeting's actions  (danielbeck, 19:04:32)
  *
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.html
    (danielbeck, 19:04:48)
  * the code of conduct is persisted under
    https://jenkins-ci.org/conduct  (rtyler, 19:04:57)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/fGNh6Ln3YXc
    (oleg-nenashev, 19:07:26)

* Approving Jenkins Press page and assigned contacts:
  https://jenkins-ci.org/press  (rtyler, 19:08:22)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to incorporate the feedback about Press
    contacts  (oleg-nenashev, 19:18:04)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to incorporate the feedback about Press
    contacts  (danielbeck, 19:18:37)

* Reworking / Shutting down the Jenkins CIA program  (rtyler, 19:18:55)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/ktTrIZQlNTY
    (oleg-nenashev, 19:19:59)
  * https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Jenkins+CIA+Program
    (rtyler, 19:20:04)

* Follow-up to the unofficial Jenkins-related Twitter account  (rtyler,
  19:28:42)

* Reworking / Shutting down the Jenkins CIA program  (rtyler, 19:29:47)
  * we're killing the CIA  (rtyler, 19:29:58)

* Follow-up to the unofficial Jenkins-related Twitter account  (rtyler,
  19:30:00)
  * https://twitter.com/LearningJenkins  (oleg-nenashev, 19:30:07)
  * It was Jenkins CI School, but it has been renamed after the
    discussion with the owner  (oleg-nenashev, 19:30:31)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/VhEGPZ9_IzA
    (oleg-nenashev, 19:30:46)
  *
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Document#GovernanceDocument-Trademark
    (rtyler, 19:36:58)

* next meeting  (danielbeck, 19:47:25)

Meeting ended at 19:48:38 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* oleg_nenashev to incorporate the feedback about Press contacts
* oleg_nenashev to incorporate the feedback about Press contacts




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * oleg_nenashev to incorporate the feedback about Press contacts
  * oleg_nenashev to incorporate the feedback about Press contacts




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (64)
* oleg-nenashev (50)
* danielbeck (34)
* batmat (26)
* alyssat (10)
* hare_brain (6)
* robobutler (2)
* ogondza (1)
* kohsuke (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
