========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by rtyler at 18:01:50 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-04-27-18.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Recap last meeting's actions  (rtyler, 18:02:13)

* LTS status check  (rtyler, 18:03:54)
  * ACTION: ogondza to work with kohsuke to get whatever is undocumented
    about the release process documented to the extent  that it is
    possible  (rtyler, 18:05:06)
  * LINK:
    https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/issues/?jql=labels+%3D+1.651.2-fixed
    (danielbeck, 18:07:54)
  * ACTION: ogondza to push rc  (ogondza, 18:09:59)

* 2.0 status check  (rtyler, 18:10:32)
  * https://jenkins.io/blog/2016/04/26/jenkins-20-is-here/  (danielbeck,
    18:11:00)
  * ACTION: rtyler and danielbeck to figure out when to schedule a 2.0
    retrospective  (rtyler, 18:12:12)
  * the first followup release (2.1) should be sometime around May 1,
    then back to regular weekly releases  (rtyler, 18:13:01)

* Google Summer of Code update  (rtyler, 18:15:44)
  * 5 accepted GSoC proposals/students
    https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/organizations/5668199471251456/
    (batmat, 18:17:07)
  * the GSoC timeline:
    https://developers.google.com/open-source/gsoc/timeline  (batmat,
    18:17:21)
  * What is community-bonding period
    http://googlesummerofcode.blogspot.fr/2007/04/so-what-is-this-community-bonding-all.html
    (batmat, 18:19:15)
  * ACTION: danielbeck and kohsuke to contact Payal  (danielbeck,
    18:19:53)
  * ACTION: kohsuke danielbeck to contact their GSoC studnet  (batmat,
    18:20:56)

* Approval of Q2 patron messages  (rtyler, 18:24:03)
  * https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/11  (danielbeck, 18:24:10)
  *
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Patron+of+Jenkins+program
    (danielbeck, 18:25:07)
  * AGREED: the Q2 patron messages look fine to me  (rtyler, 18:25:46)
  * AGREED: Q2 patrom message is accepted  (kohsuke, 18:27:23)

* CERT membership request process changes (  (rtyler, 18:27:39)
  * AGREED: the security officer is empowered to curate the CERT team so
    long as it is done in a transparent and documented fashion  (rtyler,
    18:34:34)

* Approval of CERT membership requests  (rtyler, 18:34:59)

* Infra update  (rtyler, 18:35:19)

* Next meeting  (rtyler, 18:37:21)
  * next meeting same time, same place, May 11th  (rtyler, 18:38:25)

Meeting ended at 18:38:35 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* ogondza to work with kohsuke to get whatever is undocumented about the
  release process documented to the extent  that it is possible
* ogondza to push rc
* rtyler and danielbeck to figure out when to schedule a 2.0
  retrospective
* danielbeck and kohsuke to contact Payal
* kohsuke danielbeck to contact their GSoC studnet




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* danielbeck
  * rtyler and danielbeck to figure out when to schedule a 2.0
    retrospective
  * danielbeck and kohsuke to contact Payal
  * kohsuke danielbeck to contact their GSoC studnet
* kohsuke
  * ogondza to work with kohsuke to get whatever is undocumented about
    the release process documented to the extent  that it is possible
  * danielbeck and kohsuke to contact Payal
  * kohsuke danielbeck to contact their GSoC studnet
* ogondza
  * ogondza to work with kohsuke to get whatever is undocumented about
    the release process documented to the extent  that it is possible
  * ogondza to push rc
* rtyler
  * rtyler and danielbeck to figure out when to schedule a 2.0
    retrospective
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (90)
* danielbeck (38)
* batmat (35)
* kohsuke (22)
* ogondza (19)
* oleg-nenashev (9)
* rsandell (4)
* alyssat (3)
* robobutler (3)
* hare_brain (1)
* jglick (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
