========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:30 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-05-11-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Recap last meeting's actions  (rtyler, 18:01:08)

* LTS status check  (rtyler, 18:03:30)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to push 1.561.2  (ogondza, 18:04:06)

* GSoC status check  (rtyler, 18:06:16)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to finish the blog post ASAP  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:06:35)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to contact mentors and schedule new office
    hours to the next week  (oleg-nenashev, 18:06:35)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to schedule office hours with students before
    the hacking period starts (next week)  (oleg-nenashev, 18:06:36)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to make a proposal regarding swags
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:06:36)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to contact alyssat regarding lightning talks
    for student projects at Jenkins World  (oleg-nenashev, 18:06:37)
  * Mentors that have projects which depend on infrastructure resources,
    please make sure your students have JIRA accounts and either file
    INFRA tickets or watch existing ones  (rtyler, 18:09:30)

* Infrastructure status update  (rtyler, 18:13:14)
  * a few weeks ago we proactively migrated lots of infrastructure:
    https://jenkins.io/blog/2016/04/22/possible-infra-compromise/
    (rtyler, 18:14:01)
  * the comments to INFRA-559 are pretty entertaining  (danielbeck,
    18:17:35)
  * the infrastructure sponsorship that I mentioned a few weeks ago is
    still being negotiated right now  (rtyler, 18:19:32)
  * GSoC students and mentors that depend on infra work, please make
    those priorities known in the INFRA project in JIRA  (rtyler,
    18:21:20)

* Security status update  (rtyler, 18:24:36)

* Events status update  (rtyler, 18:31:19)
  * the first Online JAM was hosted, the video and some Q&A has been
    posted here: https://jenkins.io/blog/2016/05/10/jenkins-20-vjam/
    (rtyler, 18:36:09)
  * the #jenkins-community channel is a great place to discuss upcoming
    events and other community organization activities  (rtyler,
    18:36:49)

* Next meeting  (rtyler, 18:38:39)
  * next meeting may 25th  (rtyler, 18:39:28)

Meeting ended at 18:39:30 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* kohsuke to push 1.561.2
* oleg_nenashev to finish the blog post ASAP
* oleg_nenashev to contact mentors and schedule new office hours to the
  next week
* oleg_nenashev to schedule office hours with students before the
  hacking period starts (next week)
* oleg_nenashev to make a proposal regarding swags
* oleg_nenashev to contact alyssat regarding lightning talks for student
  projects at Jenkins World




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* alyssat
  * oleg_nenashev to contact alyssat regarding lightning talks for
    student projects at Jenkins World
* kohsuke
  * kohsuke to push 1.561.2
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * oleg_nenashev to finish the blog post ASAP
  * oleg_nenashev to contact mentors and schedule new office hours to
    the next week
  * oleg_nenashev to schedule office hours with students before the
    hacking period starts (next week)
  * oleg_nenashev to make a proposal regarding swags




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (87)
* danielbeck (27)
* oleg-nenashev (24)
* alyssat (18)
* ogondza (4)
* batmat (3)
* robobutler (2)
* orrc (2)
* Arsyed04 (1)
* KostyaSha (1)
* teilo (1)
* hare_brain (0)
* kohsuke (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
