18:00:18 <kohsuke> #startmeeting
18:00:18 <robobutler> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
18:00:28 <rtyler> \o/
18:00:32 <kohsuke> #info https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
18:00:37 <kohsuke> #topic last meeting's action
18:00:59 <kohsuke> #info http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-03-02-19.00.html
18:01:14 <kohsuke> 1.642.2 is done
18:01:37 <kohsuke> and action item #3 is also done: https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=66
18:01:47 <rtyler> I dropped the ball on getting a candidacy timeline in place :(
18:01:52 <rtyler> I need to file a ticket for myself to remember
18:01:58 <kohsuke> action #4 is also done. hrm means "his royal majesty"
18:02:08 <rtyler> haha
18:02:09 <kohsuke> and pw is Patrick Wolf his name
18:02:34 <kohsuke> alyssat: anything to report on vJAM group on meetup.com?
18:03:12 <kohsuke> I don't see it in there
18:03:32 <rtyler> I know she tried to get a Jenkins Online Meetup started
18:03:41 <kohsuke> danielbeck: oleg-nenashev: do you guys know anything?
18:03:55 <danielbeck> it exists
18:04:04 <danielbeck> virtual is evil, online is not, apparently.
18:04:29 <danielbeck> http://www.meetup.com/Jenkins-online-meetup/
18:04:57 <rtyler> oh
18:05:04 <rtyler> alyssat: say something again
18:05:12 <rtyler> kohsuke: when we start meetings we have to un-moderate the channel
18:05:13 <kohsuke> Oh
18:05:33 <kohsuke> I can never remember those IRC commands
18:05:48 <alyssat> vJAM is now live and active
18:05:48 <ogondza> thats better
18:06:21 <kohsuke> Great. Moving on...
18:06:29 <kohsuke> #topic LTS status check
18:06:33 <ogondza> kohsuke: I noticed you have restarted the release job after I did, was there something wrong?
18:06:43 <ogondza> with .2 i mean
18:06:59 <kohsuke> ogondza: .2 RC? or you mean the actual release?
18:07:15 <ogondza> the RC
18:07:31 <kohsuke> Hmm, I don't remember that
18:07:54 <kohsuke> Maybe that was me trying to push the release tag retroactively?
18:07:55 <ogondza> ok, I guess that is all good
18:08:06 <kohsuke> Whatever I did or I didn't do, I'm sorry if it caused trouble
18:08:07 <ogondza> anyway, all testing I done on .3 is green
18:08:13 <kohsuke> Yay
18:08:27 <ogondza> kohsuke: just checking
18:08:37 <kohsuke> danielbeck: no security advisory is planned on this one, so we are good to release, right?
18:08:44 <danielbeck> yep
18:08:46 <kohsuke> #agreed 1.652.3 is a go
18:09:05 <kohsuke> #action kohsuke to start 1.652.3 release asap
18:09:10 <kohsuke> #topic Next LTS base selection
18:09:30 <rtyler> 2.0 w00!
18:09:32 <rtyler> right?
18:09:42 <rtyler> bueller?
18:09:44 <rtyler> xD
18:09:48 <kohsuke> #info https://jenkins-ci.org/changelog/
18:10:19 <danielbeck> we actually have no negative feedback over the last few weeks on the changelog.
18:10:27 <kohsuke> I noticed that. That's amzing
18:10:47 <rtyler> maybe the rating app is broken
18:10:51 * rtyler chuckles
18:10:55 <ogondza> 1.650 will absorb all security fixes
18:11:28 <kohsuke> Yeah, seems like a good good starting point
18:11:31 <danielbeck> rtyler There's one where they link to the issue that was fixed in the release
18:12:19 <kohsuke> danielbeck: do you have any thoughts on the new base version?
18:12:56 <danielbeck> kohsuke Should be fine.
18:13:30 <kohsuke> anyone else?
18:13:47 <teilo> I would go much higher than 1.650
18:14:07 <teilo> 1.651 minimum for better supportability
18:14:48 <teilo> and if the changelog is correct an those are the only changes I see no reason why not 1.652 or 1.653 (even though that has not been out for 2 weeks)
18:15:21 <danielbeck> 1.653 is incomplete and has new remoting
18:15:24 <danielbeck> I'd rather not use that one
18:15:27 <jglick> JENKINS-33467 in 1.653 causes a regression in a couple of plugins but the fault is in the plugins and the fix is trivial.
18:15:50 <kohsuke> It's just too new
18:15:55 <danielbeck> 1.652 seems good
18:16:06 <ogondza> I am ok with 651
18:16:06 <danielbeck> https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/compare/jenkins-1.650...jenkins-1.652
18:17:13 <kohsuke> there's some stapler changes that had someone reporting an issue there, too
18:17:30 <jglick> I would be happy to have `WorkspaceList.tempDir` but it could also wait for a 2.0 baseline.
18:17:51 <ogondza> kohsuke means https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/commit/0d0d2a9c133abee1cfd81397c84767638c5a3432 I guess
18:18:19 <kohsuke> I meant https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/commit/1e804fdf2746e224d175d2de764111aa22860a25#comments
18:18:28 <jglick> JENKINS-25440 I will mark lts-candidate anyway.
18:18:30 <kohsuke> oh
18:18:32 <kohsuke> sorry
18:18:35 <kohsuke> ogondza is right
18:19:22 <danielbeck> 651 then?
18:19:56 <ogondza> +1
18:20:28 <kohsuke> that stapler regression is reported against 1.651, but I'm fine with 1.651 if you guys don't see it as a problem
18:20:58 <kohsuke> #agreed next LTS baseline is 1.651
18:21:02 <kohsuke> Moving on ...
18:21:03 <jglick> kohsuke: https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/commit/0d0d2a9c133abee1cfd81397c84767638c5a3432 is in 1.652
18:21:22 <danielbeck> Both 1.651 and 1.652 have stapler updates I see
18:21:41 <kohsuke> jglick in that case then 1.651 is good
18:21:43 <jglick> danielbeck: but the reporter said he bisected
18:21:48 <danielbeck> right
18:21:53 <danielbeck> Okay, 651 it is
18:21:56 <kohsuke> #topic Seek trademark usage approval for "Jenkins Days"
18:22:25 <kohsuke> I think it was several months ago, in the project meeting I went over https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Proposal+-+Revisiting+JUC+in+2016
18:22:52 <jglick> 1.652 actually has better ratings. But whatever.
18:22:56 <kohsuke> ... which had the plan for "Jenkins World" and "CloudBees - Jenkins Summit"
18:23:01 <jglick> Sampling error probably.
18:23:39 <kohsuke> I should have found the exact minutes, but I believe this was generally well accepted
18:24:05 <kohsuke> We then formally requested the mark approval for "Jenkins World"
18:24:09 <danielbeck> http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-02-03-19.00.html
18:25:01 <kohsuke> And now I'm here to get the approval for the smaller brother, which was originally called "CloudBees - Jenkins Summit" but its name has chanegd to "Jenkins Day"
18:25:21 <kohsuke> Sorry "Jenkins Days"
18:25:30 <rtyler> what's the smaller brother actually entail?
18:25:37 <kohsuke> The content hasn't changed
18:25:51 <kohsuke> alyssat can correct me if I'm wrong, but my understanding is that ...
18:25:57 <danielbeck> rtyler KK's wiki link, scroll down
18:26:06 <kohsuke> it's a road show that takes some of the contents from Jenkins World
18:27:00 <alyssat> http://www.devopsconnect.com/cddallas16/
18:27:07 <alyssat> that's a sample of one city
18:27:28 <alyssat> pretty much same content but going to diff cities
18:27:55 * rtyler reads up
18:28:06 <alyssat> content consist of OSS, CB Jenkins Enterprise, and Devops
18:28:30 <kohsuke> Like Jenkins world, those content were segregated into different tracks
18:28:51 <alyssat> correct
18:29:07 <rtyler> alyssat: is "Jenkins Days" supposed to be used for an umbrella naming of everything together? or just the Jenkins aspect of it?
18:30:32 <alyssat> rtyler: i think this is to replace CD Summit & Jenkins Days as a whole. There's too many 'Summits' out there
18:31:05 <rtyler> as far as this document is concerned https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Proposal+-+Revisiting+JUC+in+2016 there is no mention of "CD Summit"
18:31:12 <oleg-nenashev> alyssat kohsuke: From what I see the sample is not a free event. I suppose this is same for Jenkins Days, right?
18:31:30 <kohsuke> I think so
18:31:45 <oleg-nenashev> Not a problem at all IMHO
18:31:48 <alyssat> oleg-nenashev: correct
18:32:15 <orrc> so "Jenkins Days", plural, is a single-day event :)
18:32:24 <rtyler> hah
18:32:43 <alyssat> it's a 2 days event..thus 'Jenkins Days'
18:33:04 <alyssat> in multiple cities
18:33:28 <orrc> alyssat: not according to that schedule, or the wiki page. but I was just kidding
18:33:50 <rtyler> alyssat: is there a better description on the wiki or elsewhere of what this would entail
18:34:34 <alyssat> rtyler: i don't think so. I can get the wiki page updated w/ better description
18:35:39 <rtyler> I think a clear description of what this event would entail should be written up before we can move forward on this topic
18:36:05 <alyssat> rtyler: ok. i'll do that
18:38:35 <kohsuke> All right,
18:39:18 <kohsuke> I think we are moving on
18:39:26 <rtyler> alyssat: we can follow up on this next meeting
18:39:36 <rtyler> I'll be around if you need help hammering out the definition on the wiki
18:39:43 <kohsuke> #action need more clarity on Jenkins Days since that appear to have changed since the early round
18:40:05 <kohsuke> #topc infrastructure status update
18:40:10 <rtyler> so close
18:40:11 <kohsuke> #topic infrastructure status update
18:40:15 * rtyler cheers
18:40:28 <kohsuke> rtyler: yours
18:40:35 <rtyler> alright, so I wanted to get into the habit of regularly making these kinds of updates
18:41:00 <rtyler> with the 2.0 fervor there's not a tremendous amount of movement happening here
18:41:03 <rtyler> however
18:41:16 <rtyler> abayer has secured a Mac build machinie we can add to ci.jenkins-ci.org (https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/INFRA-601)
18:41:19 <rtyler> woohooo
18:41:32 <kohsuke> IIUC he got that "donated" from a mac hosting company
18:41:33 <rtyler> teilo has requested a windows machine or machines we can add to the cluster as well
18:41:37 <oleg-nenashev> rtyler: are we on track with the site kick-off? Do we shift it as well due to the 2.0 delay?
18:41:58 * oleg-nenashev talks about the website
18:42:00 <rtyler> I'm waiting for teilo's credit card information so I can provision AWS or Azure Windows machines xD
18:42:12 <rtyler> oleg-nenashev: i'll address that after my updates are finished
18:42:41 <rtyler> #info Jenkins prjoect infra can be found here: https://github.com/jenkins-infra or in #jenkins-infra
18:42:45 * rtyler spells good
18:42:54 <rtyler> the big projects that are on deck for the infra are:
18:43:03 <rtyler> cutting over to jenkins.io once we're ready (WEBSITE-51)
18:43:15 <rtyler> spinning up new build infra (as mentioned previously)
18:43:31 <oleg-nenashev> #proposal: send "team updates" in advance to mailing lists or post them on the wiki
18:43:46 <rtyler> working with tscherler to get his prototyped plugin site incorporated into the infra
18:44:00 <rtyler> oleg-nenashev: you're killin' me here
18:44:27 <rtyler> are there any question on current affairs/status of infrastructure I can answer?
18:44:38 <oleg-nenashev> rtyler: Sorry for disturbing. You're doing great job by making such updates. 👍
18:44:52 <rtyler> heh, to answer oleg-nenashev's question about the website, we're on track to cut over to jenkins.io sometime next week
18:45:00 <kohsuke> rtyler: any call to action?
18:45:02 <rtyler> this wouldn't change issues.jenkins-ci.org or wiki.jenkins-ci.org
18:45:17 <danielbeck> no?
18:45:17 <rtyler> primarily this would affect just jenkins-ci.org (the site) moving over
18:45:39 <oleg-nenashev> do we redirect from jenkins-ci.org? Or just add a new alias?
18:45:46 <danielbeck> rtyler What's the state of the spam currently?
18:45:46 <rtyler> we can move to issues.jenkins.io "later", but the cost of doing so is generating new certs for things
18:45:56 <rtyler> danielbeck: spam is largely in check thanks to larrys work
18:46:12 <rtyler> larrys: I don't know fi there are any follow ups you wish to share?
18:46:42 <larrys> The wiki is under check with a servlet filter
18:46:42 <rtyler> oleg-nenashev: jenkins-ci.org will redirect over to jenkins.io
18:46:45 <larrys> and seems to be working good
18:47:15 <rtyler> #info the initial domain plan is to just migrate jenkins-ci.org to jenkins.io, other sub-domains will follow at a later point
18:47:18 <larrys> I have not had a chance to make the plugin work with JIRA, there are some issues, and not sure of spam problem there (if it is huge). I've seen a few issues as spam
18:47:27 <larrys> but not as big as wiki pages
18:47:44 <rtyler> #info if you see JIRA spam, please let #jenkins-infra know
18:48:00 <rtyler> any more infra questions before we move on?
18:48:01 <kohsuke> We have  other status updates, so I suggest we wrap this up
18:48:15 <kohsuke> #topic event status update from alyssat
18:48:29 <alyssat> There's currently lots of activities in the events area. I have 3 high level event updates.
18:48:44 <alyssat> Event update #1: wrt big community events we are working on Jenkins World (Sept 13-15). We're thinking of doing the contributor hackathon weekend of Sept 10-11 and then a summit (similar to the summit held at Fosdem) on Sept 13, topic is TBD. The call for papers for Jenkins World is open until May 1
18:48:45 <alyssat> https://jenkins-cfp.herokuapp.com/events/jenkins-world-2016. Right now we have about 18 submissions. If anyone would like to be part of selection committee pls lemme know. We are working on the committee webpage, once it's up current selection members will be linked from jenkinsworld.com
18:49:19 <rtyler> #info if you're interested in helping select talks for jenkins world, contact atong@cloudbees.com
18:49:30 <rtyler> #info if you're interested in submitting a talk for jenkins world https://jenkins-cfp.herokuapp.com/events/jenkins-world-2016.
18:49:44 <kohsuke> that hackathon weekend is the idea that came out of FOSDEM contributor event
18:49:59 <rtyler> which I've still not posted the meeting notes/updates from >_<
18:50:01 * rtyler fails
18:50:16 <kohsuke> ... to have time to work on things we've discussed during the earlier contributor summit
18:50:23 <rtyler> alyssat: what else ya got?
18:50:38 <alyssat> Event update #2: Jenkins User Conference Israel is slated for July 3, 1 day event. KK will be there. The CFP is open until April 24.  https://jenkins-cfp.herokuapp.com/events/jenkins-user-conference-israel
18:51:02 <kohsuke> This is like 6th or something annual event now
18:51:02 <alyssat> Event update #3: JAMs - http://www.meetup.com/pro/jenkins/ We are currently at 27 JAMs and +2450 members and of course the vJAM is at 168 members. My ask - if you go out and talk to people - if they are a Jenkins fan and into community efforts perhaps encourage them to start a JAM in their area if there isn't already one.
18:51:30 <kohsuke> Wow, 27!
18:51:43 <alyssat> yes. the last JUC IL had 700 attendees
18:51:58 <rtyler> the Los Angeles JAM started because we met some folks at SCaLE and talked to them about JAMs
18:52:02 <alyssat> JAM - we went from 5 to 27 from Oct to now
18:52:09 <rtyler> looking forward to that community growing, lots of Jenkins users in socal
18:52:23 <alyssat> rtyler: yes! and that's exactly what we are hoping others to do
18:52:31 <oleg-nenashev> right :)
18:52:34 <kohsuke> Any questions, comments?
18:52:34 <rtyler> #info details around Jenkins Area Meetups: https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Jenkins+Area+Meetup
18:53:02 <alyssat> and huge thanks to oleg-nenashev for being such a huge supporter
18:53:14 <kohsuke> Otherwise moving on to the security updates...
18:53:18 <rtyler> I believe it's danielbeck's time to shine :D
18:53:22 <danielbeck> \o/
18:53:27 <kohsuke> #topic Security status update by danielbeck
18:53:39 <danielbeck> This is quick. Nothing interesting to report.
18:53:45 <danielbeck> .3 wasn't a security update
18:53:51 <danielbeck> .1 is not expected to become one
18:54:06 <rtyler> are there outstanding security related tickets/features for 2.0?
18:54:06 <danielbeck> Right now the major security topic is that we've opened up Jira to plugin maintainers
18:54:16 <danielbeck> so they can access SECURITY issues in their plugins
18:54:24 <danielbeck> and we've already got feedback on that
18:54:26 <rtyler> danielbeck: did you already make that change in JIRA?
18:54:37 <danielbeck> rtyler Yep, two days ago
18:54:42 * rtyler cheers
18:54:50 <rtyler> danielbeck: did you send anything out to the dev list?
18:54:54 <danielbeck> yes, I did
18:54:57 <rtyler> I might have missed it among the gsoc traffic
18:55:06 <oleg-nenashev> we still need a kind of policy, but it's a huge step forward
18:55:09 <danielbeck> probably, that a busy list right now.
18:55:27 <danielbeck> And the other big topic is "secure by default" for Jenkins 2.0
18:55:36 <danielbeck> alpha 3 basically contains this already
18:56:01 <danielbeck> there are a few followup issues that may still make it into 2.0, but the big issue -- locking down an instance by default -- is resolved.
18:56:11 * rtyler cheers louder
18:56:18 <danielbeck> So check out alpha 3 and try to break into it ;-)
18:56:19 <kohsuke> I sent my feedback on it to the users list an hour or so back
18:56:24 <oleg-nenashev> danielbeck: Is it too late to propose other security hardening? CSRF, s2m, etc.?
18:56:37 <danielbeck> oleg-nenashev CSRF and s2m are enabled by default
18:56:47 <danielbeck> or at least they should be
18:56:52 <oleg-nenashev> oh, cool
18:57:02 <rtyler> s2m?
18:57:08 <danielbeck> slave to master security
18:57:17 <danielbeck> http://jenkins-ci.org/security-144
18:57:28 <rtyler> ah
18:57:52 <kohsuke> Let's wrap up & do a quick 2.0 update, too
18:57:59 <danielbeck> We still have the SSHD open, and the UDP/DNS broadcast, but that's WIP
18:58:09 <rtyler> danielbeck: got tickets to reference?
18:58:26 <danielbeck> not without taking the rest of the meeting time. It's labeled 2.0
18:58:44 <rtyler> okie
18:58:52 <rtyler> kohsuke: let's go to a 2.0 update
18:58:55 <kohsuke> #topic 2.0 status update
18:59:03 <kohsuke> we are kinda already talking about that
18:59:09 <kohsuke> 2 important updates, I think
18:59:20 <kohsuke> one is the date slippage that's already sent in email
18:59:36 <kohsuke> the other is the JIRA board: https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=66
19:00:03 <kohsuke> alpha-4 today, beta next Wed, RC a week after, then GA a week after is the current plan
19:00:19 <kohsuke> No more new features beyond what's already in flight
19:00:29 <kohsuke> We are in the lock down mode
19:00:59 <kohsuke> orrc: some of the tickets in that board are yours, and I don't know if those are on track
19:01:14 <rtyler> he mentioned in a PR that he's not got a lot of time this week
19:01:21 <danielbeck> in time for today
19:01:26 <rtyler> one of those terminology tickets could be easily picked up by somebody else
19:01:40 <kohsuke> I was hoping that the call to action on those tickets would drive some interest
19:02:08 <kohsuke> All right, I think we are done
19:02:15 <kohsuke> Anything to add danielbeck ?
19:02:38 <kohsuke> #topic next meeting
19:02:41 <danielbeck> Seems fine. We'll keep the dev list updated.
19:02:48 <oleg-nenashev> @GSoC mentors: we are having meetings tomorrow and on Sunday
19:03:12 <kohsuke> Oh, Sunday might be problematic
19:03:23 <kohsuke> anyway, let's close this meeting and we can go back to #jenkins-community
19:03:30 <kohsuke> #info next meeting is March 30th
19:03:36 <kohsuke> Is Europe in DST by then?
19:03:46 <rtyler> I believe so
19:03:48 <danielbeck> yeah
19:03:50 <oleg-nenashev> depends on the country
19:03:53 <batmat> yes
19:03:57 <kohsuke> #info watch out for the time zone adjustment once again due to day light saving time
19:04:15 * kohsuke shakes my head in dismay, as a guy from a country without DST
19:04:19 <oleg-nenashev> I would definitely vote for moving to UTC
19:04:19 <kohsuke> #endmeeting