========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by danielbeck at 19:00:03 UTC. The full logs are
available at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-02-03-19.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Recap last meeting's actions  (danielbeck, 19:01:11)
  * LINK:
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-01-20-19.03.html
    (which isn't complete unfortunately)  (danielbeck, 19:01:21)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to incorporate the feedback about Press
    contacts  (oleg-nenashev, 19:03:09)

* LTS status check  (danielbeck, 19:03:23)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to publish 1.642.2 RC once ogondza fixes up the
    merge commit problem  (danielbeck, 19:10:52)

* Seek trademark approval for Jenkins World 2016 logo  (danielbeck,
  19:11:15)
  * trademark guidelines we use:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Document#GovernanceDocument-Trademark
    (rtyler, 19:12:04)
  * AGREED: Jenkins World trademark usage is approved  (danielbeck,
    19:19:00)
  * ACTION: danielbeck to record approval  (danielbeck, 19:19:09)

* Infrastructure status report  (danielbeck, 19:19:28)

* Should Jenkins be a mentor organisation for Google Summer of Code?
  (danielbeck, 19:27:29)
  * https://developers.google.com/open-source/gsoc/  (oleg-nenashev,
    19:27:40)
  *
    https://speakerdeck.com/onenashev/jenkins-2-dot-0-google-code-of-summer-proposals
    (rtyler, 19:27:48)
  *
    https://speakerdeck.com/onenashev/jenkins-2-dot-0-google-code-of-summer-proposals
    (oleg-nenashev, 19:27:50)
  * Feb 19 is the application deadline  (oleg-nenashev, 19:31:21)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to handle the GSoC application process
    (oleg-nenashev, 19:38:56)

* Do we have a timeline for the Governance Board elections?
  (danielbeck, 19:39:20)
  * https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/INFRA-536  (rtyler, 19:39:35)
  * https://github.com/jenkins-infra/account-app  (rtyler, 19:40:22)
  *
    http://help.surveymonkey.com/articles/en_US/kb/Can-I-create-a-poll-or-voting-environment
    (oleg-nenashev, 19:45:57)

* Discussion: clarify that plugins available through the update center
  are required to have their source code canonical repository hosted
  under the Jenkinsci GitHub organization  (danielbeck, 19:47:02)
  * last thread about it
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/IoRmYHNn3Q4
    (batmat, 19:47:41)

* next meeting  (danielbeck, 20:05:38)

Meeting ended at 20:06:02 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* oleg_nenashev to incorporate the feedback about Press contacts
* kohsuke to publish 1.642.2 RC once ogondza fixes up the merge commit
  problem
* danielbeck to record approval
* oleg_nenashev to handle the GSoC application process




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* danielbeck
  * danielbeck to record approval
* kohsuke
  * kohsuke to publish 1.642.2 RC once ogondza fixes up the merge commit
    problem
* ogondza
  * kohsuke to publish 1.642.2 RC once ogondza fixes up the merge commit
    problem
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * oleg_nenashev to incorporate the feedback about Press contacts
  * oleg_nenashev to handle the GSoC application process




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (97)
* danielbeck (69)
* oleg-nenashev (46)
* batmat (23)
* kohsuke (18)
* ogondza (10)
* alyssat (7)
* robobutler (3)
* hare_brain (3)
* jglick (3)
* larrys (2)
* orrc (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
