========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:39 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Recap last meeting actions  (rtyler, 18:01:08)
  * LINK:
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-08-17-18.00.html
    (rtyler, 18:01:18)

* GSoC recap  (rtyler, 18:02:53)
  * GSoC 2016 is over  (oleg-nenashev, 18:03:38)
  * WWe had two students working on second part of the project. 1
    student has passed the final evaluation (alexsomai)  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:04:30)
  * On Thursday we had presentations by students  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:04:45)
  * Slides and recordings are referenced here:
    https://www.meetup.com/Jenkins-online-meetup/events/233378586/
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:05:04)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev and batmat to follow-up on the old
    retrospective and feedback collection AI  (oleg-nenashev, 18:05:35)
  * alexsomay will conduct a lightning talk and demo at Jenkins World.
    You can find him at the Community Booth there ;)  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:06:19)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to write a final blogpost and to prepare his
    lightning talk for JW  (oleg-nenashev, 18:06:53)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to work on sending swags to students
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:07:29)

* LTS status check  (rtyler, 18:08:34)
  * https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-37759  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:11:03)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to release 2.7.3  (ogondza, 18:12:45)

* Pick new LTS version  (rtyler, 18:14:07)
  * https://jenkins.io/changelog/  (ogondza, 18:14:33)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to finally create a PR for the upgrade guide
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:18:36)
  * AGREED: 2.19 will be the next baseline for the LTS  (rtyler,
    18:28:02)

* next meeting  (rtyler, 18:28:33)
  * AGREED: next meeting will be September 28th  (rtyler, 18:31:22)

Meeting ended at 18:31:32 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* oleg_nenashev and batmat to follow-up on the old retrospective and
  feedback collection AI
* oleg_nenashev to write a final blogpost and to prepare his lightning
  talk for JW
* oleg_nenashev to work on sending swags to students
* kohsuke to release 2.7.3
* oleg_nenashev to finally create a PR for the upgrade guide




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* batmat
  * oleg_nenashev and batmat to follow-up on the old retrospective and
    feedback collection AI
* kohsuke
  * kohsuke to release 2.7.3
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * oleg_nenashev to write a final blogpost and to prepare his lightning
    talk for JW
  * oleg_nenashev to work on sending swags to students
  * oleg_nenashev to finally create a PR for the upgrade guide




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (47)
* oleg-nenashev (46)
* ogondza (28)
* danielbe_ (23)
* batmat (12)
* orrc (4)
* robobutler (2)
* hrmpw (2)
* alexsomai (1)
* hare_brain (0)
* kohsuke (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
