<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head><script src="//archive.org/includes/analytics.js?v=cf34f82" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">window.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded',function(){var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app219.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=361;archive_analytics.send_pageview({});});</script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/bundle-playback.js?v=MzYkZ0TU" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/wombat.js?v=UHAOicsW" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
  __wm.init("https://web.archive.org/web");
  __wm.wombat("http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2015/jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.html","20220119102821","https://web.archive.org/","web","/_static/",
	      "1642588101");
</script>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/banner-styles.css?v=S1zqJCYt" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/iconochive.css?v=qtvMKcIJ" />
<!-- End Wayback Rewrite JS Include -->

<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by kohsuke at 18:00:29 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-5">kohsuke</a>,
    18:00:48)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">re-cap of actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-8">kohsuke</a>, 18:01:08)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-17">kohsuke</a>, 18:03:06)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">1.625.1 is
    good to go</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-20">kohsuke</a>,
    18:03:37)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck to
    set up 1.625 update site once the build is up</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-21">danielbeck</a>,
    18:03:46)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">New Website JIRA project to organize website efforts under</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-22">kohsuke</a>, 18:03:51)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Quick announcement of #jenkins-community</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-28">kohsuke</a>, 18:04:24)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">#jenkins-community has been created on Freenode
    to help organize events, documentation and more "meta-conversations"
    around trhe jenkins project itself</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-32">rtyler</a>,
    18:04:56)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck to
    update IRC Channel wiki page</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-36">danielbeck</a>,
    18:05:32)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">New Website JIRA project to organize website efforts under</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-39">kohsuke</a>, 18:06:40)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">JIRA will get
    new WEBSITE project to keep track of the new website project</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-63">kohsuke</a>,
    18:09:27)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    create WEBSITE project in JIRA</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-64">rtyler</a>,
    18:09:31)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Approval of new Q4 patron messages by CloudBees</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-66">kohsuke</a>, 18:09:44)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a href="https://web.archive.org/web/20220119102821/https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/5">https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/5</a>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-69">danielbeck</a>,
    18:10:08)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">new Q4 patron
    messages by CloudBees (https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/5)
    are blessed</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-93">kohsuke</a>,
    18:14:37)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Proposal - Project sub-teams</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-94">kohsuke</a>, 18:14:49)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">proposal here
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Proposal+-+Project+sub-teams</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-95">rtyler</a>,
    18:14:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I am not proposing team leads at this point,
    only proposing the structure which will allow team leads</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-107">rtyler</a>,
    18:17:05)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">the subteam
    structure is blessed as of versrsion 10 of
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=82674793</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-191">kohsuke</a>,
    18:29:54)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    work with the rest of the board to create a request for
    participation for a Security team lead</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-194">rtyler</a>,
    18:30:38)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtlyer to
    create a page under the governance document outlining the team
    leadership responsibilities</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-206">rtyler</a>,
    18:33:02)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to do
    that thing up there</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-210">rtyler</a>,
    18:33:14)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ogondza to
    define the LTS team leadership role</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-222">rtyler</a>,
    18:34:45)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">autojack orrc oleg-nenashev will get together
    to ponder plugin/community responsibilities</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-241">kohsuke</a>,
    18:38:28)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Permission request - Admin access to jenkinsci org</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-242">kohsuke</a>, 18:38:35)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a href="https://web.archive.org/web/20220119102821/https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/pFWSnJ3uHFU">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/pFWSnJ3uHFU</a>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-252">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:39:29)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">on granting
    oleg-nenashev github org admin access</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-268">rtyler</a>,
    18:42:12)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">oleg-nenashev
    will step up to more github repo house-keeping work &amp; get admin
    access to the org for that</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-270">kohsuke</a>,
    18:42:19)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">JIRA project for plugin hosting (and possibly similar) requests</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-271">kohsuke</a>, 18:42:30)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">we'll create
    a new JIRA project to receive plugin hosting request, and direct
    people to use it instead of sending emails to the dev list</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-360">kohsuke</a>,
    18:53:38)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck to
    set up Jira project for plugin hosting requests and update dev docs
    to point there</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-361">danielbeck</a>,
    18:53:45)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-366">kohsuke</a>, 18:54:09)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">the next meeting is Oct 28th</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-371">kohsuke</a>,
    18:54:34)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck to
    put up warning in wiki about DST</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html#l-374">danielbeck</a>,
    18:54:58)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:55:21 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2015-10-14-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>danielbeck to set up 1.625 update site once the build is up</li>
  <li>danielbeck to update IRC Channel wiki page</li>
  <li>rtyler to create WEBSITE project in JIRA</li>
  <li>rtyler to work with the rest of the board to create a request for participation for a Security team lead</li>
  <li>rtlyer to create a page under the governance document outlining the team leadership responsibilities</li>
  <li>rtyler to do that thing up there</li>
  <li>ogondza to define the LTS team leadership role</li>
  <li>danielbeck to set up Jira project for plugin hosting requests and update dev docs to point there</li>
  <li>danielbeck to put up warning in wiki about DST</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> danielbeck <ol>
    <li>danielbeck to set up 1.625 update site once the build is up</li>
    <li>danielbeck to update IRC Channel wiki page</li>
    <li>danielbeck to set up Jira project for plugin hosting requests and update dev docs to point there</li>
    <li>danielbeck to put up warning in wiki about DST</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> ogondza <ol>
    <li>ogondza to define the LTS team leadership role</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rtyler <ol>
    <li>rtyler to create WEBSITE project in JIRA</li>
    <li>rtyler to work with the rest of the board to create a request for participation for a Security team lead</li>
    <li>rtyler to do that thing up there</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (132)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (78)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (54)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (44)</li>
  <li>batmat (20)</li>
  <li>autojack (15)</li>
  <li>ogondza (14)</li>
  <li>KostyaSha (14)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>orrc (2)</li>
  <li>hare_brain (1)</li>
  <li>alyssa__ (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="https://web.archive.org/web/20220119102821/http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
<!--
     FILE ARCHIVED ON 10:28:21 Jan 19, 2022 AND RETRIEVED FROM THE
     INTERNET ARCHIVE ON 15:26:58 Nov 09, 2022.
     JAVASCRIPT APPENDED BY WAYBACK MACHINE, COPYRIGHT INTERNET ARCHIVE.

     ALL OTHER CONTENT MAY ALSO BE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT (17 U.S.C.
     SECTION 108(a)(3)).
-->
<!--
playback timings (ms):
  captures_list: 208.785
  exclusion.robots: 0.142
  exclusion.robots.policy: 0.131
  cdx.remote: 0.095
  esindex: 0.012
  LoadShardBlock: 86.634 (3)
  PetaboxLoader3.datanode: 107.792 (4)
  CDXLines.iter: 19.646 (3)
  load_resource: 145.266
  PetaboxLoader3.resolve: 75.439
-->