================
#jenkins Meeting
================


Meeting started by kohsuke_ at 19:13:51 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2014/jenkins.2014-11-26-19.13.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* 1.580.2 RC status check  (kohsuke_, 19:14:33)

* Mark usage request from CloudBees  (kohsuke_, 19:17:16)
  * LINK:
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/rzNetnrhPRI
    (oleg-nenashev, 19:20:18)
  * LINK: https://gist.github.com/kohsuke/573cb5620fcc25c9e5c0
    (kohsuke_, 19:41:50)
  * autojack hare_brain danielbeck oleg-nenashev voted +1 on
    https://gist.github.com/kohsuke/573cb5620fcc25c9e5c0/4adb656ca15cac5707ee8fa1e4dabb56855e31c3
    (kohsuke_, 19:47:01)
  * ACTION: kohsuke_  to get abayer's vote recorded  (kohsuke_,
    19:47:34)
  * ogondza voted +1 and kohsuke_ abstained for conflict of interest
    (kohsuke_, 19:48:10)
  * AGREED:
    https://gist.github.com/kohsuke/573cb5620fcc25c9e5c0/4adb656ca15cac5707ee8fa1e4dabb56855e31c3
    is approved  (kohsuke_, 19:48:27)

* release process improvements  (kohsuke_, 19:49:20)

* INFRA components  (kohsuke_, 19:49:56)
  * I'm happy with INFRA-169  (kohsuke_, 19:53:02)
  * AGREED: to do INFRA-169  (kohsuke_, 19:56:09)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to transfer repos in INFRA-169 except lib-* and
    remove prefixes  (kohsuke_, 19:56:44)
  * ACTION: oleg-nenashev to sign CLA  (oleg-nenashev, 19:59:02)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to write to rtyler notifying that oleg-nenashev is
    being added as an admin on infra  (kohsuke_, 19:59:45)
  * ACTION: oleg-nenashev will file CLA
    https://github.com/jenkinsci/infra-cla  (kohsuke_, 20:00:01)

* Test environment: Confluence clone for plugins testing (macros, etc.)
  (kohsuke_, 20:04:15)
  * Yes, we want to do it, no, I don't think anyone is currently
    actively working on it.  (kohsuke_, 20:04:46)
  * IDEA: What about monthly #jenkins-infra meetings for sync-ups? Seems
    there's not enough communications :)  (oleg-nenashev, 20:11:17)
  * KostyaSha is working on puppetizing JIRA (INFRA-41) but currently
    blocked and need help from existing admins  (kohsuke_, 20:11:28)

* Patron message changes from CloudBees  (kohsuke_, 20:15:31)
  * LINK: https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/2/files   (kohsuke_,
    20:15:49)

* next meeting  (kohsuke_, 20:20:01)
  * Next meeting will be Dec 10th  (kohsuke_, 20:20:52)

Meeting ended at 20:21:17 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* kohsuke_  to get abayer's vote recorded
* kohsuke to transfer repos in INFRA-169 except lib-* and remove
  prefixes
* oleg-nenashev to sign CLA
* kohsuke to write to rtyler notifying that oleg-nenashev is being added
  as an admin on infra
* oleg-nenashev will file CLA https://github.com/jenkinsci/infra-cla




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* kohsuke_
  * kohsuke_  to get abayer's vote recorded
* oleg-nenashev
  * oleg-nenashev to sign CLA
  * kohsuke to write to rtyler notifying that oleg-nenashev is being
    added as an admin on infra
  * oleg-nenashev will file CLA https://github.com/jenkinsci/infra-cla
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * kohsuke to transfer repos in INFRA-169 except lib-* and remove
    prefixes




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* kohsuke_ (103)
* KostyaSha (36)
* oleg-nenashev (30)
* danielbeck (24)
* hare_brain (23)
* autojack (18)
* ogondza (7)
* jenkins-admin (4)
* robobutler (2)
* bub (2)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
