========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by danielbeck at 18:00:04 UTC. The full logs are
available at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
*
  https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda#GovernanceMeetingAgenda-Jun6thmeeting
  (danielbeck, 18:00:30)
* Recap last meeting's actions  (danielbeck, 18:00:39)
  *
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-05-23-18.02.html
    (danielbeck, 18:01:04)

* LTS status check  (danielbeck, 18:01:26)
  * ACTION: danielbeck to write upgrade guide and changelog
    (danielbeck, 18:04:33)
  * ACTION: ogondza to fix up Jira labels for 2.121.1 related issues
    (danielbeck, 18:04:48)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to release 2.121.1  (danielbeck, 18:07:43)

* Trademark sublicensing request "CloudBees Jenkins Support"
  (danielbeck, 18:08:58)
  *
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/jenkinsci-dev/d1rrCcY-VyM/Pu4RdH2LBwAJ
    (danielbeck, 18:09:07)
  *
    https://groups.google.com/d/msgid/jenkinsci-dev/bbed285d-2bc6-46c9-9334-484cbc014cf9%40googlegroups.com
    (tracymiranda, 18:10:12)
  * AGREED: The trademark sublicensing request for "CloudBees Jenkins
    Support" is approved  (danielbeck, 18:19:48)
  * ACTION: danielbeck to edit the wiki to record this decision
    (danielbeck, 18:19:58)

* Jenkins Ambassador program update  (danielbeck, 18:20:27)
  * https://github.com/jenkinsci/jep/edit/master/jep/5/README.adoc
    (bitwiseman, 18:21:03)
  * https://github.com/jenkinsci/jep/blob/master/jep/5/README.adoc
    really  (danielbeck, 18:21:24)
  * Discussion thread:
    https://groups.google.com/d/topic/jenkinsci-dev/12D2tWxO6mM/discussion
    (bitwiseman, 18:27:13)

* GSoC status check  (danielbeck, 18:36:27)
  * : GSoC: https://jenkins.io/projects/gsoc/  (oleg-nenashev, 18:36:50)
  * June 15 is a evaluation deadline  (oleg-nenashev, 18:38:17)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to set up public meeting with project demos
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:38:34)

* Update: Jenkins & Java 10 Online Hackathon  (danielbeck, 18:43:18)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/FdCvQlscl_I
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:43:53)
  * We already have 4 responders to the hackathon invite
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:48:55)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to blogpost the announcement  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:49:11)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to work with Infra team to ensure that our
    INFRA is ready  (oleg-nenashev, 18:49:43)
  * ACTION: all interested contributors to RSVP here:
    https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1ReYyuyCGC0PIz2quh6XehnjpH2K52inx-veHLPlNreE/
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:52:48)
  * ACTION: all interested RSVP here:
    https://goo.gl/forms/ybEfKw6TB6WZaszM2  (bitwiseman, 18:54:18)

* next meeting  (danielbeck, 18:56:05)

Meeting ended at 18:56:42 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* danielbeck to write upgrade guide and changelog
* ogondza to fix up Jira labels for 2.121.1 related issues
* kohsuke to release 2.121.1
* danielbeck to edit the wiki to record this decision
* oleg_nenashev to set up public meeting with project demos
* oleg_nenashev to blogpost the announcement
* oleg_nenashev to work with Infra team to ensure that our INFRA is
  ready
* all interested contributors to RSVP here:
  https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1ReYyuyCGC0PIz2quh6XehnjpH2K52inx-veHLPlNreE/
* all interested RSVP here: https://goo.gl/forms/ybEfKw6TB6WZaszM2




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* danielbeck
  * danielbeck to write upgrade guide and changelog
  * danielbeck to edit the wiki to record this decision
* kohsuke
  * kohsuke to release 2.121.1
* ogondza
  * ogondza to fix up Jira labels for 2.121.1 related issues
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * oleg_nenashev to set up public meeting with project demos
  * oleg_nenashev to blogpost the announcement
  * oleg_nenashev to work with Infra team to ensure that our INFRA is
    ready
  * all interested contributors to RSVP here:
    https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1ReYyuyCGC0PIz2quh6XehnjpH2K52inx-veHLPlNreE/
  * all interested RSVP here: https://goo.gl/forms/ybEfKw6TB6WZaszM2




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* danielbeck (84)
* oleg-nenashev (65)
* rtyler (29)
* bitwiseman (27)
* tracymiranda (26)
* ogondza (12)
* alyssat_ (5)
* robobutler (2)
* kohsuke (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
