<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head><script src="//archive.org/includes/analytics.js?v=cf34f82" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">window.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded',function(){var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app202.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=246;archive_analytics.send_pageview({});});</script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/bundle-playback.js?v=MzYkZ0TU" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/wombat.js?v=UHAOicsW" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
  __wm.init("https://web.archive.org/web");
  __wm.wombat("http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.html","20211027220953","https://web.archive.org/","web","/_static/",
	      "1635372593");
</script>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/banner-styles.css?v=S1zqJCYt" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/iconochive.css?v=qtvMKcIJ" />
<!-- End Wayback Rewrite JS Include -->

<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by danielbe_ at 18:00:18 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Recap last meeting's actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-6">danielbe_</a>, 18:00:37)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-06-20-18.10.html</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-8">danielbe_</a>,
    18:00:49)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-17">danielbe_</a>, 18:01:42)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a href="https://web.archive.org/web/20211027220953/https://jenkins.io/changelog-stable/#v2.121.2">https://jenkins.io/changelog-stable/#v2.121.2</a>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-20">danielbe_</a>,
    18:01:57)</span></li>
  <li><a href="https://web.archive.org/web/20211027220953/https://jenkins.io/security/advisory/2018-07-18/">https://jenkins.io/security/advisory/2018-07-18/</a>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-24">danielbe_</a>,
    18:02:12)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Vote for mass adding Jenkinsfiles</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-29">danielbe_</a>, 18:02:52)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/d/topic/jenkinsci-dev/6f_wKvfpESk/discussion</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-30">danielbe_</a>,
    18:03:00)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">let's mass
    apply Jenkinsfiles to repos as discussed on the dev list</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-49">danielbe_</a>,
    18:07:29)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ogondza to
    apply Jenkinsfiles</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-50">danielbe_</a>,
    18:07:35)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Growing community via a stronger Twitter presence</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-62">danielbe_</a>, 18:08:53)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/gqR_ee5grtM</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-63">danielbe_</a>,
    18:09:02)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Jenkins Ambassader applicants</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-126">danielbe_</a>, 18:17:15)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a href="https://web.archive.org/web/20211027220953/https://www.linkedin.com/company/jenkins-project/">https://www.linkedin.com/company/jenkins-project/</a>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-127">kohsuke</a>,
    18:17:17)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/Tp0Q1QAHP2k</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-130">danielbe_</a>,
    18:17:30)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">Ambassador
    program is moving forward with candidates</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-149">danielbe_</a>,
    18:22:10)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GSoC status update and travel grants budget request</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-153">danielbe_</a>, 18:22:41)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/zS1jzYRoF08</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-155">danielbe_</a>,
    18:22:51)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">: All 3 students have passed the Phase 2
    evaluation</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-158">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:23:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">https://www.meetup.com/Jenkins-online-meetup/events/252500125/
    if you have missed it</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-159">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:23:32)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Next stop is final evaluation in 3 weeks, but
    we have started doing org things like travel grants for
    students</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-160">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:24:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Travel grant request</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-161">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:24:21)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">:
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/zS1jzYRoF08</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-163">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:24:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">: JEP draft for GSoC budget and reimbursements:
    https://github.com/jenkinsci/jep/pull/144</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-181">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:26:46)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">We finance
    GSoC travel for the students from GSoC + general funds</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-228">danielbe_</a>,
    18:34:27)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">oleg_nenashev
    to proceed with the budget things and GSoC logistics</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-230">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:34:53)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-233">danielbe_</a>, 18:35:23)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GSoC status update and travel grants budget request</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-236">danielbe_</a>, 18:35:52)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html#l-246">danielbe_</a>, 18:37:52)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:39:34 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>ogondza to apply Jenkinsfiles</li>
  <li>oleg_nenashev to proceed with the budget things and GSoC logistics</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> ogondza <ol>
    <li>ogondza to apply Jenkinsfiles</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (75)</li>
  <li>danielbe_ (66)</li>
  <li>rtyler (36)</li>
  <li>tracymiranda (29)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (20)</li>
  <li>ogondza (13)</li>
  <li>alyssat_ (10)</li>
  <li>bitwiseman (4)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="https://web.archive.org/web/20211027220953/http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
<!--
     FILE ARCHIVED ON 22:09:53 Oct 27, 2021 AND RETRIEVED FROM THE
     INTERNET ARCHIVE ON 15:06:23 Nov 09, 2022.
     JAVASCRIPT APPENDED BY WAYBACK MACHINE, COPYRIGHT INTERNET ARCHIVE.

     ALL OTHER CONTENT MAY ALSO BE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT (17 U.S.C.
     SECTION 108(a)(3)).
-->
<!--
playback timings (ms):
  captures_list: 112.359
  exclusion.robots: 0.098
  exclusion.robots.policy: 0.09
  cdx.remote: 0.067
  esindex: 0.01
  LoadShardBlock: 51.53 (3)
  PetaboxLoader3.datanode: 112.979 (4)
  CDXLines.iter: 19.578 (3)
  load_resource: 127.962
  PetaboxLoader3.resolve: 58.776
-->