<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head><script src="//archive.org/includes/analytics.js?v=cf34f82" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">window.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded',function(){var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app213.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=436;archive_analytics.send_pageview({});});</script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/bundle-playback.js?v=MzYkZ0TU" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/wombat.js?v=UHAOicsW" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
  __wm.init("https://web.archive.org/web");
  __wm.wombat("http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-08-01-18.00.html","20211027232129","https://web.archive.org/","web","/_static/",
	      "1635376889");
</script>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/banner-styles.css?v=S1zqJCYt" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/iconochive.css?v=qtvMKcIJ" />
<!-- End Wayback Rewrite JS Include -->

<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by danielbeck at 18:00:38 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-01-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a href="https://web.archive.org/web/20211027232129/https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda">https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda</a>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-01-18.00.log.html#l-7">danielbeck</a>,
    18:01:01)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Recap last meeting's actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-01-18.00.log.html#l-13">danielbeck</a>, 18:01:13)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.html</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-01-18.00.log.html#l-15">danielbeck</a>,
    18:01:36)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-01-18.00.log.html#l-22">danielbeck</a>, 18:02:34)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/issues/?jql=labels%20%3D%202.121.3-fixed</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-01-18.00.log.html#l-27">danielbeck</a>,
    18:03:56)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Travel grant request to DevOps World - Jenkins World SF</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-01-18.00.log.html#l-29">danielbeck</a>, 18:04:28)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-dev/hG0zmAIiTN0/Fp9TPK2TCwAJ</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-01-18.00.log.html#l-39">danielbeck</a>,
    18:06:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Travel+Grant+Program</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-01-18.00.log.html#l-43">danielbeck</a>,
    18:07:04)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">Mandy Hubbart
    to get 500 USD travel grant as per the 2015 program</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-01-18.00.log.html#l-73">danielbeck</a>,
    18:12:39)</span></li>
  <li><a href="https://web.archive.org/web/20211027232129/https://jenkins.io/project/governance/#meeting">https://jenkins.io/project/governance/#meeting</a>
    simply discusses "consensus" <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-01-18.00.log.html#l-111">rtyler</a>,
    18:21:11)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">tracymiranda
    to prepare updated grant proposal</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-01-18.00.log.html#l-190">danielbeck</a>,
    18:45:13)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">we won't
    commit to a larger travel grant today</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-01-18.00.log.html#l-191">danielbeck</a>,
    18:46:02)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GSoC status update</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-01-18.00.log.html#l-202">danielbeck</a>, 18:48:19)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">We will have final presentation on the week of
    Aug 10, TBA</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-01-18.00.log.html#l-212">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:49:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">GSoC SIG will be introduced this weekend</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-01-18.00.log.html#l-224">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:51:20)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-01-18.00.log.html#l-247">danielbeck</a>, 18:55:13)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:56:51 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-01-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>tracymiranda to prepare updated grant proposal</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> tracymiranda <ol>
    <li>tracymiranda to prepare updated grant proposal</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>danielbeck (70)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (62)</li>
  <li>tracymiranda (28)</li>
  <li>rtyler (28)</li>
  <li>bitwiseman (20)</li>
  <li>alyssat_ (18)</li>
  <li>DevMandy (5)</li>
  <li>ogondza (5)</li>
  <li>raSter^8 (4)</li>
  <li>NightMonkey21 (4)</li>
  <li>krysjonaz (4)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>SWAT23 (2)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="https://web.archive.org/web/20211027232129/http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
<!--
     FILE ARCHIVED ON 23:21:29 Oct 27, 2021 AND RETRIEVED FROM THE
     INTERNET ARCHIVE ON 15:06:30 Nov 09, 2022.
     JAVASCRIPT APPENDED BY WAYBACK MACHINE, COPYRIGHT INTERNET ARCHIVE.

     ALL OTHER CONTENT MAY ALSO BE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT (17 U.S.C.
     SECTION 108(a)(3)).
-->
<!--
playback timings (ms):
  captures_list: 214.74
  exclusion.robots: 0.11
  exclusion.robots.policy: 0.102
  cdx.remote: 0.07
  esindex: 0.01
  LoadShardBlock: 158.233 (3)
  PetaboxLoader3.datanode: 197.592 (4)
  CDXLines.iter: 15.522 (3)
  load_resource: 216.839
  PetaboxLoader3.resolve: 148.455
-->