<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head><script src="//archive.org/includes/analytics.js?v=cf34f82" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">window.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded',function(){var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app201.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=428;archive_analytics.send_pageview({});});</script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/bundle-playback.js?v=MzYkZ0TU" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/wombat.js?v=UHAOicsW" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
  __wm.init("https://web.archive.org/web");
  __wm.wombat("http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-05-09-18.00.log.html","20211027232206","https://web.archive.org/","web","/_static/",
	      "1635376926");
</script>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/banner-styles.css?v=S1zqJCYt" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/iconochive.css?v=qtvMKcIJ" />
<!-- End Wayback Rewrite JS Include -->

<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:00:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:00:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:00:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">kohsuke rtyler</span>
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:00:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Current chairs: danielbeck kohsuke rtyler
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:00:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> hi everyone!
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:00:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> hey
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:00:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> today's agenda: https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:00:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> we're selecting an LTS baseline today \o/
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:00:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Recap last meeting's actions</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:00:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-04-25-18.00.html</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:01:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> well, LTS RC has been out for a while, so that's done
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:01:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:01:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> moving on…
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:01:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">LTS status check</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:02:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> this will be quick
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:02:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> LTS is out. It's a security update, so you should update :)
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:02:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> 2.107.3 and 2.121
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:02:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://jenkins.io/security/advisory/2018-05-09/</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:03:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> present FWIW
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:03:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> ogondza FYI, apparently (based on a report in #jenkins) we messed up packaging
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:03:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> uh
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:03:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> IOW, our previous mess has been undone
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:03:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> 2.107.1 and .2 were released with stable-2.60 packaging
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:04:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> you mean it was messed before .3 and now it is fine?
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:04:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> and it looks like 2.107.3 got a different branch despite ogondza and me agreeing to keep it
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:04:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> huh, any undesirable impact?
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:04:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> sort of, but it's a change from .2, so we now seem to have the unexpected change we wanted to prevent
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:04:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> not sure yet
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:04:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> just a heads up, learned it a few minutes ago
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:04:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="hi">TLDR:</span> Packaging is weird
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:05:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> I suspect kk's automation just picked the latest matching branch - we tried to be sure nothing gets updated to pick it
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:05:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> uh, trunk is messed up I think
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:05:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> jglick trunk of…?
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:05:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> `jenkinsci/jenkins/master` is `2.121-SNAPSHOT`
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:06:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> Should be `2.122-SNAPSHOT` now, no?
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:06:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> it should
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:06:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> probably https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/commit/91e1cf2d3e0fa1c4766c62f2db54cd3a28cd9d32 wrong merge, since it's so new
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:06:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> maybe the changes didn't get pushed or the released happened from a branch. Checking
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:07:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> I do not see the `jenkins-2.121` tag in `master`.
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:07:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> It says it's in master: https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/commit/9bc3aa68b196fbf9c676541793f4b59f663c4af8
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:08:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> just 2 days ago. Has KK staged the release or what?
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:08:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:08:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> mm, yes, so something else went wrong here
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:08:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> we're staging security updates on Mondays
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:08:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> probably just off by one in the merge commit
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:08:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> anyway, can be sorted out elsewhere, we can move on I suppose
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:08:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> likely kohsuke just needs to push the code
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:08:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev he did
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:08:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> oh right
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:08:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> anyway, +1 for moving on
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:09:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> is this cause by messed packaging or it is unrelated?
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:09:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> ok, we'll figure this out elsewhere
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:09:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> unrelated
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:09:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> our security process is, uh, intricate
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:09:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> ok, thanks
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:09:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> So we may need 2.107.4 if the packaging is really bad, right?
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:09:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> it was wrong before, but seems correct now. That however introduced changes from .2
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:10:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> but going with .4 to go back to wrong packaging seems counterproductive
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:10:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:10:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> lets not do this until we hear about regression important enough
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:10:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:10:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> alright, moving on
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:10:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> # topic LTS next baseline selection
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:10:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">LTS next baseline selection</span>
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:11:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://jenkins.io/changelog/</span>
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:11:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> lets get this started. 2.119?
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:11:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> 2.118 looks good if we're scared. Otherwise 2.121 looks good, too. All the problems in 2.120 were just transitory or related to a new admin monitor and addressed in 2.120
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:11:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> has some bad ratings, but the issues got fixed in 2.120
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:12:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> sorry, problems in 2.119
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:12:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> 2.118 has extremely good community ratings, yes
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:12:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> and the problems in 2.119 were project infra related, or addressed in 2.120
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:12:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> We have untriaged regression in JENKINS-51136 on Solaris 10, which is supposedly related to the Jetty upgrade
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:13:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> JENKINS-51136 is 2.117+
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:13:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I do not consider it as a blocker . Only a single report
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:13:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> &gt; Solaris
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:13:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> 3 watchers but 2 of them are team, so really just one report
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:14:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> IMO we have free choice of versions
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:14:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I would be 1000% confident if I knew that this is the only affected platform. But, since there is no triage so far, I am totally fine with picking 2.118 or above
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:15:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Would be great to know wadeck's opinion about 2.119+ if he is around
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:15:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> any reason we shouldn't just plan for 2.121 and see what happens over the next week or so?
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:15:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dnusbaum&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> You mean regarding the root url stuff?
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:16:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> yes, JENKINS-51064
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:16:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> we ware this adventurous last time. twice in a row?
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:16:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> There is a pending PR to address the rest of the problems
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:17:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dnusbaum&gt;</span> Yes, but imo if there are any other regression we would just back out the validation entirely
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:17:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> at least in LTS
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:17:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Yes, shipping last weekly becomes a habit. We generally reduce our response time to newly discovered regressions. But the issue queue is triaged well now, so I am fine with that
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:18:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> ogondza last time we had cause for concern, like XML 1.1. this time I'm looking at the changelog and nothing really stands out in the last two weeks
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:18:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> the install state storage perhaps, but that's jglick quality
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:18:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:18:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> I do not object, though it caused some extra coordination
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:18:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> process killing veto (JENKINS-9104) basically cannot make it worse than it was before
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:19:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I would prefer to avoid Root URL validator in LTS since it didn't get soaked enough IMO &amp;&amp; already caused issues in weeklys
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:19:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> and then there are the options for builds and workspace directories
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:19:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> other than that all looks fairly straightforward
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:19:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev rip out the admin monitor from LTS, and done?
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:19:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> "builds and workspace directories" would require upgrade guide for sure, but I would rather bite the bullet
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:19:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> shell we go this way, I would like us to agree on a decision date so there is enough time to rebackport in base we reconsider
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:20:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dnusbaum&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev you mean the whole root url monitor or just the validation?
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:20:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> whole root URL monitor
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:20:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev upgrade guide is no reason to delay, we need it either this time or next. risk OTOH would be.
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:21:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev rip out monitor, keep setup change?
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:21:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> works for me
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:21:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> or just 2.118
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:22:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> the latter option would require backporting JEP-200 whitelists twice, but it's not a problem IIUC
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:22:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ogondza:</span> ^
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:22:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> plus security fixes
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:23:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> java.util.EnumMap and org.jruby.RubyNil ware fairly trivial. Deferring to Daniel
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:23:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> IMO 2.121 is a reasonable choice, and the only thing that's brought up so far is the admin monitor, which can either be dropped or mentioned in the upgrade guide
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:24:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> feedback looks reasonable
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:24:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> any compat concerns?
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:24:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> regarding? builds dir?
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:24:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Do wadeck's changes include new non-Restricted APIs? IIRC no
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:25:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dnusbaum&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:25:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> not the admin monitor
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:25:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> then it's fine with me though it's not a common practice to remove changes from LTS
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:26:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev TBH that's something I'd hold back for a week at least and wait for feedback
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:26:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> if that works for ogondza
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:27:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> it feels going with 2.119 tentatively for a week and reconsider sounds as a plan for all 3 of us
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:27:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> we can fallback to 2.118 or something based on the data we get in the mean time
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:27:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:27:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> 2.119 looks like the worst possible option since 2.117
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:27:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:27:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> s/2.119/2.121/
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:27:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> :facepalm:
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:27:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> ah
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:28:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> 2.118 or 2.121 IMO. +1 from me for both
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:28:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> so, 2.121 and keep watch for negative reports?
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:28:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:28:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> check back in a week to finalize or revise?
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:29:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jglick&gt;</span> 2.121 (at least provisionally) seems fine to me
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:29:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> sure, how will we sync?
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:30:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> dev list thread?
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:30:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> any dissenting opinions?
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:30:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> not sure
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:31:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> should we announce the temporary plan and whoever object will speak up in the thread?
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">18:31:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> how did we do it last time?
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">18:32:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev spoken up suggesting to change the temporary option, IIRC
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">18:32:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> last time? :)
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">18:33:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Not sure I enjoyed the discussion afterwards
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">18:33:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/jenkinsci-dev/7nR0_kI71xA/TNrMNVlmAAAJ
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">18:33:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> IMHO we need to reconsider our LTS process if we continue doing temporary options
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">18:34:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> agreed
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">18:35:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Previously it was clear. LTS baseline is selected, done. All users were able to start testing immediately
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">18:35:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Now every user just waits till it's finalized. If you manage Jenkins as internal service team in a big company, that's not fun
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:36:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> If you have a product which uses Jenkins inside, it's not good as well
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:36:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> I do favor clear baselines, too.
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:36:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Then let's announce it as usual, and if we find a major problem, we'll revisit the choice. It's not temporary, but just acknowledging that we have a plan if critical regressions show up
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">18:37:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> how about me starting a thread next Tue and we will evaluate the responses by Wed?
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">18:37:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> if we somehow find a major regression introduced in 2.118 and cannot recover in time during LTS testing, would we proceed with 2.118.1?
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">18:37:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> dont feel strongly either way
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">18:38:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> works for me. RC is always a risk
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">18:38:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> for me the choice today is final, except in case of unexpected critical issues. But IMO that would be the footnote for any choice.
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">18:38:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">18:38:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> agreed
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">18:38:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> so I will start a baseline remarking we may reevaluate
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">18:39:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> ... of 2.121
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">18:39:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">18:39:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">18:39:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#ogondza </span><span class="cmdline">I will start a baseline of 2.121 remarking we may reevaluate in case of critical regressions</span>
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">18:39:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> TBH I wouldn't even remark. If testing reveals critical problems I expect that we'd discuss solutions no matter what the baseline ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">18:39:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">ogondza I will start a baseline of 2.121 remarking we may reevaluate in case of critical regressions</span>
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">18:40:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> shall we move on?
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">18:40:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> IMO we can
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">18:41:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">18:41:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">2.121 is the next LTS baseline</span>
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">18:41:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">GSoC status check</span>
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">18:41:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev \o/
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">18:41:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">18:41:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">GSoC projects: https://jenkins.io/projects/gsoc/#projects</span>
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">18:42:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> So, we have scheduled project-specific office hours &amp; Co
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">18:42:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">GSoC Special Interest Group chat: https://gitter.im/jenkinsci/gsoc-sig</span>
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">18:43:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> oh, that was implemented, nice
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">18:43:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> We also started a SIG chat according to the discussion, because all projects are in Gitter
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">18:43:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Well, I went forward and implemented it
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">18:44:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> "sig" is just the only thing in the name which refers to the sig proposal, but IMHO this is fine. CC rtyler
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">18:44:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> And we have some updates...
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">18:45:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Jeff Pearce (https://github.com/jeffpearce, Cobertura plugin maintainer) joins the Code Coverage API Plugin project as a mentor. Welcome aboard Jeff!</span>
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">18:46:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Another update is that we have one project at risk, and it will likely get cancelled. Will update at the next governance meeting. Other 3 projects are fine, design is in progress
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">18:46:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> that's all from me
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">18:47:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> thanks oleg-nenashev !
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">18:47:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> how bad is having one project at risk?
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">18:47:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">oleg_nenashev to reach out to the board and alyssat_ regarding swag and conference logistics for GSoC</span>
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">18:47:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> isn't it early for that?
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">18:47:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> it happens
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">18:48:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> It's not good, but we will be fine. More updates at the next governance
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">18:48:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> hm, ok
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">18:48:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">18:48:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> any questions for oleg?
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">18:48:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> any questions?
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">18:48:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> how did I get 3 underscores in the name? :(
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">18:49:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> At least nobody pings me in IRC
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">18:49:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">next meeting</span>
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">18:49:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> that would be May 23
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">18:49:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> same time same channel
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">18:49:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> thanks everyone!
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">18:50:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
<!--
     FILE ARCHIVED ON 23:22:06 Oct 27, 2021 AND RETRIEVED FROM THE
     INTERNET ARCHIVE ON 15:05:56 Nov 09, 2022.
     JAVASCRIPT APPENDED BY WAYBACK MACHINE, COPYRIGHT INTERNET ARCHIVE.

     ALL OTHER CONTENT MAY ALSO BE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT (17 U.S.C.
     SECTION 108(a)(3)).
-->
<!--
playback timings (ms):
  captures_list: 220.665
  exclusion.robots: 0.186
  exclusion.robots.policy: 0.171
  cdx.remote: 0.108
  esindex: 0.013
  LoadShardBlock: 185.505 (3)
  PetaboxLoader3.datanode: 81.965 (4)
  CDXLines.iter: 22.813 (3)
  PetaboxLoader3.resolve: 183.097 (2)
  load_resource: 181.847
-->