========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by rtyler at 18:01:28 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-01-17-18.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Last meeting items  (rtyler, 18:01:33)

* LTS status check  (rtyler, 18:02:15)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/Nnkr_2Kfz7E
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:03:23)
  * agenda is here btw
    https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda#GovernanceMeetingAgenda-January17thmeeting
    (rtyler, 18:07:13)

* JEP-200 status update / Q&A  (rtyler, 18:07:24)
  * we landed JEP-200 in 2.102  (oleg-nenashev, 18:07:45)
  * It caused regressions, as expected:
    https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Plugins+affected+by+fix+for+JEP-200
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:07:59)
  * https://github.com/jenkinsci/jep/tree/master/jep/200  (rtyler,
    18:08:41)
  * JEP-200 ETA in LTS is March 14 according to the current plans (if it
    gets accepted to LTS)  (oleg-nenashev, 18:10:05)
  * JEP-200 is switching of XStream/Remoting class filters from
    blacklist to whitelist  (oleg-nenashev, 18:11:20)
  * So, if a class is not in a plugin/core/module, it will be rejected
    if not whitelisted. Common examples: Java internal classes,
    3rd-party libraries (Guava & Co)  (oleg-nenashev, 18:12:11)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/blob/master/core/src/main/resources/jenkins/security/whitelisted-classes.txt
    got updated since 2.102. It could close some regressions in plugins
    not reported yet  (oleg-nenashev, 18:13:17)
  * Developer guidelines:
    https://jenkins.io/blog/2018/01/13/jep-200/#for-plugin-developers
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:20:44)
  * JEP-200 includes a "warranty period". A team is investigating all
    reported issues and trying to fix them if possible. So far the
    "team" is oleg-nenashev and jglick  (oleg-nenashev, 18:21:44)
  * LINK: https://github.com/jenkinsci/ghprb-plugin/pull/616
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:22:10)
  * ACTION: oleg-nenashev to send a post-mortem doc once the dust
    settles  (oleg-nenashev, 18:22:39)

* GSoC 2018: Discussion - Do we want to kick-it off  (rtyler, 18:23:44)
  * GSoC is the Google Summer of Code program  (rtyler, 18:24:58)
  * Call formentors:
    https://jenkins.io/blog/2018/01/06/gsoc2018-call-for-mentors/
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:25:17)
  * :
    https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q2p_XZEdbkcVDMpEPTtjPS15i2Oq3CQgH_geJjPhofY/edit#heading=h.iu2aqxlb7caw
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:26:40)
  * Application deadline: January 23  (oleg-nenashev, 18:29:31)

* Request for mark usage, "JUC Paris" by JFrog  (rtyler, 18:33:44)
  * our trademark guidelines can be found here:
    https://jenkins.io/project/governance/#trademark  (rtyler, 18:34:58)
  * AGREED: Trademark sublicense granted to JFrog, Inc. for "Jenkins
    User Conference Paris" and "Jenkins User Conference Israel"
    (rtyler, 18:43:12)
  * ACTION: rtyler to update the approved trademark usage wiki page
    (rtyler, 18:43:21)
  * ACTION: alyssat_ to help JFrog understand our trademark guidelines
    :)  (rtyler, 18:44:33)

* FOSDEM planning update  (rtyler, 18:45:58)
  * https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/FOSDEM+2018  (alyssat_,
    18:46:06)
  * please RSVP to the FOSDEM related events as soon as possible:
    https://www.meetup.com/jenkinsmeetup/  (rtyler, 18:51:37)
  * ACTION: oleg-nenashev to add Demos section to the Wiki page
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:53:41)
  * Jenkins contributors at FOSDEM, please bring and wear your squad
    t-shirts :P  (rtyler, 18:54:55)
  * ACTION: oleg-nenashev and markewaite to bring as much T-shorts as he
    can  (oleg-nenashev, 18:57:04)

* Next meeting  (rtyler, 18:57:47)
  * the next meeting will be at 18:00 UTC ON January 31st  (rtyler,
    18:58:08)

Meeting ended at 18:58:20 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* oleg-nenashev to send a post-mortem doc once the dust settles
* rtyler to update the approved trademark usage wiki page
* alyssat_ to help JFrog understand our trademark guidelines :)
* oleg-nenashev to add Demos section to the Wiki page
* oleg-nenashev and markewaite to bring as much T-shorts as he can




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* alyssat_
  * alyssat_ to help JFrog understand our trademark guidelines :)
* markewaite
  * oleg-nenashev and markewaite to bring as much T-shorts as he can
* oleg-nenashev
  * oleg-nenashev to send a post-mortem doc once the dust settles
  * oleg-nenashev to add Demos section to the Wiki page
  * oleg-nenashev and markewaite to bring as much T-shorts as he can
* rtyler
  * rtyler to update the approved trademark usage wiki page
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (94)
* oleg-nenashev (83)
* alyssat_ (38)
* KatrinJFrog (29)
* samrocketman (14)
* markewaite (6)
* ogondza (5)
* andresrc (1)
* robobutler (1)
* jglick (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
