<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head><script src="//archive.org/includes/analytics.js?v=cf34f82" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">window.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded',function(){var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app201.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=192;archive_analytics.send_pageview({});});</script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/bundle-playback.js?v=MzYkZ0TU" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/wombat.js?v=UHAOicsW" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
  __wm.init("https://web.archive.org/web");
  __wm.wombat("http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.html","20211027232852","https://web.archive.org/","web","/_static/",
	      "1635377332");
</script>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/banner-styles.css?v=S1zqJCYt" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/iconochive.css?v=qtvMKcIJ" />
<!-- End Wayback Rewrite JS Include -->

<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by danielbeck at 18:00:04 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda#GovernanceMeetingAgenda-Jun6thmeeting</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-5">danielbeck</a>,
    18:00:30)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Recap last meeting's actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-6">danielbeck</a>, 18:00:39)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-05-23-18.02.html</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-14">danielbeck</a>,
    18:01:04)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-16">danielbeck</a>, 18:01:26)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck to
    write upgrade guide and changelog</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-31">danielbeck</a>,
    18:04:33)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ogondza to
    fix up Jira labels for 2.121.1 related issues</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-33">danielbeck</a>,
    18:04:48)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke to
    release 2.121.1</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-41">danielbeck</a>,
    18:07:43)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Trademark sublicensing request "CloudBees Jenkins Support"</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-49">danielbeck</a>, 18:08:58)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/jenkinsci-dev/d1rrCcY-VyM/Pu4RdH2LBwAJ</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-51">danielbeck</a>,
    18:09:07)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/d/msgid/jenkinsci-dev/bbed285d-2bc6-46c9-9334-484cbc014cf9%40googlegroups.com</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-56">tracymiranda</a>,
    18:10:12)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">The trademark
    sublicensing request for "CloudBees Jenkins Support" is
    approved</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-77">danielbeck</a>,
    18:19:48)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck to
    edit the wiki to record this decision</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-78">danielbeck</a>,
    18:19:58)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Jenkins Ambassador program update</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-79">danielbeck</a>, 18:20:27)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">https://github.com/jenkinsci/jep/edit/master/jep/5/README.adoc</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-84">bitwiseman</a>,
    18:21:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">https://github.com/jenkinsci/jep/blob/master/jep/5/README.adoc
    really</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-87">danielbeck</a>,
    18:21:24)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Discussion thread:
    https://groups.google.com/d/topic/jenkinsci-dev/12D2tWxO6mM/discussion</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-114">bitwiseman</a>,
    18:27:13)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GSoC status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-144">danielbeck</a>, 18:36:27)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">: GSoC:
    https://jenkins.io/projects/gsoc/</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-147">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:36:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">June 15 is a evaluation deadline</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-151">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:38:17)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">oleg_nenashev
    to set up public meeting with project demos</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-152">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:38:34)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Update: Jenkins &amp; Java 10 Online Hackathon</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-185">danielbeck</a>, 18:43:18)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/FdCvQlscl_I</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-188">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:43:53)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We already have 4 responders to the hackathon
    invite</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-215">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:48:55)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">oleg_nenashev
    to blogpost the announcement</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-217">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:49:11)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">oleg_nenashev
    to work with Infra team to ensure that our INFRA is ready</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-219">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:49:43)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">all
    interested contributors to RSVP here:
    https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1ReYyuyCGC0PIz2quh6XehnjpH2K52inx-veHLPlNreE/</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-229">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:52:48)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">all
    interested RSVP here: https://goo.gl/forms/ybEfKw6TB6WZaszM2</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-238">bitwiseman</a>,
    18:54:18)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html#l-246">danielbeck</a>, 18:56:05)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:56:42 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-06-06-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>danielbeck to write upgrade guide and changelog</li>
  <li>ogondza to fix up Jira labels for 2.121.1 related issues</li>
  <li>kohsuke to release 2.121.1</li>
  <li>danielbeck to edit the wiki to record this decision</li>
  <li>oleg_nenashev to set up public meeting with project demos</li>
  <li>oleg_nenashev to blogpost the announcement</li>
  <li>oleg_nenashev to work with Infra team to ensure that our INFRA is ready</li>
  <li>all interested contributors to RSVP here: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1ReYyuyCGC0PIz2quh6XehnjpH2K52inx-veHLPlNreE/</li>
  <li>all interested RSVP here: https://goo.gl/forms/ybEfKw6TB6WZaszM2</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> danielbeck <ol>
    <li>danielbeck to write upgrade guide and changelog</li>
    <li>danielbeck to edit the wiki to record this decision</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> kohsuke <ol>
    <li>kohsuke to release 2.121.1</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> ogondza <ol>
    <li>ogondza to fix up Jira labels for 2.121.1 related issues</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li><b>UNASSIGNED</b><ol>
    <li>oleg_nenashev to set up public meeting with project demos</li>
    <li>oleg_nenashev to blogpost the announcement</li>
    <li>oleg_nenashev to work with Infra team to ensure that our INFRA is ready</li>
    <li>all interested contributors to RSVP here: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1ReYyuyCGC0PIz2quh6XehnjpH2K52inx-veHLPlNreE/</li>
    <li>all interested RSVP here: https://goo.gl/forms/ybEfKw6TB6WZaszM2</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>danielbeck (84)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (65)</li>
  <li>rtyler (29)</li>
  <li>bitwiseman (27)</li>
  <li>tracymiranda (26)</li>
  <li>ogondza (12)</li>
  <li>alyssat_ (5)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="https://web.archive.org/web/20211027232852/http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
<!--
     FILE ARCHIVED ON 23:28:52 Oct 27, 2021 AND RETRIEVED FROM THE
     INTERNET ARCHIVE ON 15:06:10 Nov 09, 2022.
     JAVASCRIPT APPENDED BY WAYBACK MACHINE, COPYRIGHT INTERNET ARCHIVE.

     ALL OTHER CONTENT MAY ALSO BE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT (17 U.S.C.
     SECTION 108(a)(3)).
-->
<!--
playback timings (ms):
  captures_list: 89.893
  exclusion.robots: 0.236
  exclusion.robots.policy: 0.217
  cdx.remote: 0.614
  esindex: 0.023
  LoadShardBlock: 44.842 (3)
  PetaboxLoader3.datanode: 91.407 (4)
  CDXLines.iter: 24.722 (3)
  load_resource: 95.479
  PetaboxLoader3.resolve: 39.127
-->