========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:53 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-03-28-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
  (danielbeck, 18:01:32)
* Recap last meeting's actions  (danielbeck, 18:01:41)
  *
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-03-14-18.00.html
    (danielbeck, 18:01:55)

* LTS status check  (danielbeck, 18:04:21)
  *
    https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/issues/?jql=labels%20%3D%202.107.2-fixed
    (danielbeck, 18:07:21)
  * https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-40689  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:07:33)

* JEP-200 update  (danielbeck, 18:09:36)
  * : JEP-200 has been released in 2.107.1, announcement:
    https://jenkins.io/blog/2018/03/15/jep-200-lts/  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:09:45)
  * We hit one regression in the core  (JENKINS-50237), backported to
    2.107.2 + workaround  (oleg-nenashev, 18:10:46)
  * The most of the serious regressions are fixed. The biggest issue is
    Google OAuth Plugin (JENKINS-50216), >3000 installations
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:11:00)
  * Community ratings for 2.107.1 LTS is good (similar to previous ones)
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:13:08)
  * ACTION: all to contribute to Jenkins Essentials  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:16:48)

* GSoC update  (danielbeck, 18:19:51)
  * GSoC Student application period is over. More info about GSoC:
    https://jenkins.io/projects/gsoc/  (oleg-nenashev, 18:20:09)
  * We got 15 finalized proposals which passed initial filters
    (eligibility, draft state, etc.)  (oleg-nenashev, 18:20:23)
  * GSoC org admins and mentors are reviewing proposals. Final list of
    student projects will be announced on April 23  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:22:28)
  * Deadline for project slots request is April 8. Number of slots - TBD
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:23:28)

* next meeting  (danielbeck, 18:28:46)

Meeting ended at 18:29:14 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* all to contribute to Jenkins Essentials




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * all to contribute to Jenkins Essentials




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* oleg-nenashev (58)
* danielbeck (46)
* ogondza (13)
* rtyler (13)
* bitwiseman (7)
* kohsuke_ (7)
* batmat (6)
* jglick (3)
* robobutler (2)
* recena (2)
* kohsuke (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
