18:00:18 <danielbe_> #startmeeting
18:00:18 <robobutler> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
18:00:25 <danielbe_> #chair rtyler kohsuke
18:00:25 <robobutler> Current chairs: danielbe_ kohsuke rtyler
18:00:29 <oleg-nenashev> o/
18:00:37 <danielbe_> #topic Recap last meeting's actions
18:00:45 <danielbe_> that was a month ago
18:00:49 <danielbe_> #info meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-06-20-18.10.html
18:01:04 <danielbe_> well, LTS went out today, so we probably had an rc :)
18:01:06 <ogondza> the RC was out
18:01:14 <danielbe_> and I think the other is a topic for today? oleg-nenashev ?
18:01:24 <danielbe_> yes, the last in the list it seems like
18:01:31 <oleg-nenashev> Yeah
18:01:38 <oleg-nenashev> GSoC budgeting?
18:01:38 <danielbe_> let's get to the real topics then
18:01:40 <tracymiranda> hi
18:01:42 <danielbe_> #topic LTS status check
18:01:47 <danielbe_> Well, the LTS is out
18:01:52 <rtyler> \o/
18:01:57 <danielbe_> https://jenkins.io/changelog-stable/#v2.121.2
18:02:01 <danielbe_> you _really_ want to update
18:02:04 <oleg-nenashev> works fine on my instances
18:02:09 <ogondza> backporting starts tomorrow...
18:02:12 <danielbe_> https://jenkins.io/security/advisory/2018-07-18/
18:02:18 <danielbe_> ogondza great
18:02:31 <danielbe_> anything else on LTS?
18:02:35 <ogondza> nope
18:02:42 <oleg-nenashev> not from me
18:02:52 <danielbe_> #topic Vote for mass adding Jenkinsfiles
18:03:00 <danielbe_> #info https://groups.google.com/d/topic/jenkinsci-dev/6f_wKvfpESk/discussion
18:03:03 <danielbe_> ogondza this is yours
18:03:21 <ogondza> Slide, Jesse and Oleg gave their +1 in ML
18:03:38 * kohsuke comes in a little late
18:03:52 <ogondza> Are there any question or objections to adding those Jenkinsfiles to plugins?
18:04:00 <danielbe_> I'm Â±0 on this -- it should do no harm, but if a plugin is _that_ abandoned do we really want it built?
18:04:17 <oleg-nenashev> Yes
18:04:20 <rtyler> ogondza: I say go for it, I look forward to getting more alerts from ci.jenkins.io /o\
18:04:26 <oleg-nenashev> It would help committers... maybe
18:04:40 <ogondza> right, the fact it is used is what matters to me
18:04:42 <oleg-nenashev> Still, the main problem is with Adoption process
18:05:01 <oleg-nenashev> we really need to introduce a timeout (5 years without changes, lol?)
18:05:27 <kohsuke> Adoption process question aside, +1 for the question at hand
18:05:37 <ogondza> any -1s?
18:06:09 <ogondza> if there are none, I will implement the change latter this week...
18:06:37 <oleg-nenashev> Do you need permissions for that?
18:06:43 <ogondza> thank you everyone
18:07:06 <ogondza> oleg-nenashev: I can grant it to myself. Is there any better way except the dialog with jenkins-admin?
18:07:14 <danielbe_> ogondza FWIW I'd be happy to click on all the merge buttons you put in front of me
18:07:29 <danielbe_> #agreed let's mass apply Jenkinsfiles to repos as discussed on the dev list
18:07:35 <danielbe_> #action ogondza to apply Jenkinsfiles
18:07:38 <rtyler> \o/
18:07:39 <oleg-nenashev> yes, Jenkins GitHub admins do not need to get permissions
18:07:57 <ogondza> danielbe_: that would be extra sweet. Or making me and org admin if that makes sense...
18:08:04 <danielbe_> I think we can discuss implementation separately
18:08:19 <ogondza> yeah, will reach out to you. Thanks!
18:08:21 <oleg-nenashev> +1 for making ogondza org admin. IMHO it's well deserved
18:08:32 <rtyler> I'm also fine with that
18:08:32 <ogondza> not sure about that...
18:08:34 <rtyler> I trust ogondza :)
18:08:42 <oleg-nenashev> + we would benefit from some extra bandwidth :)
18:08:50 <danielbe_> also a topic for elsewhere :P
18:08:53 <danielbe_> #topic Growing community via a stronger Twitter presence
18:09:02 <danielbe_> #info https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/gqR_ee5grtM
18:09:06 <danielbe_> tracymiranda that's yours
18:09:10 <tracymiranda> thanks
18:09:18 <tracymiranda> thanks for all feedback on mailing list
18:09:21 * oleg-nenashev wonders whether it should be JEPped
18:09:25 <tracymiranda> I will put together a JEP
18:09:32 <oleg-nenashev> yey
18:09:33 <rtyler> \o/
18:09:36 <tracymiranda> @rtyler will you be BDFL?
18:09:40 <tracymiranda> delegate
18:09:43 <rtyler> I would presume to be, hyes
18:09:47 <tracymiranda> great
18:09:53 <danielbe_> so glad to see this happening
18:10:09 <tracymiranda> note the scope of JEP will be around individuals getting onto twitter
18:10:16 <tracymiranda> not sure about fixing up the automation...
18:10:26 <oleg-nenashev> Generally we could add Twitter bot to ChatOps
18:10:30 <rtyler> the automation would need some different stuff if you wanted to include tagging
18:10:36 <oleg-nenashev> at least for retweets
18:10:50 <rtyler> tracymiranda: I think focus on the people first is a good prioritization
18:11:23 <tracymiranda> yes so policies for tweets, what folks need to do to be trusted
18:11:39 <tracymiranda> also maybe a setup for sharing analytics in a public forum e.g. regular meeting
18:12:00 <danielbe_> does twitter have support for account sharing? or is that done as a hack without 2FA for anyone etc?
18:12:17 <oleg-nenashev> afaik no support
18:12:34 <rtyler> TweetDeck does, which is how most orgs doo it
18:12:36 <tracymiranda> for eclipse fdn accounts folks were given tweetdeck access
18:12:44 <tracymiranda> so you can tweet, follow people and reply
18:12:47 <oleg-nenashev> There are whatever crappy Marketing services for it on the top of multiple social media things
18:12:53 <danielbe_> ah ok
18:13:00 <tracymiranda> but not see analytics or change core things (e.g.profile)
18:13:02 <rtyler> TweetDeck is a twitter property
18:13:35 <danielbe_> so discusison of security of the twitter account would be useful
18:13:41 <danielbe_> as part of the JEP
18:13:49 <tracymiranda> should scope of this jep be @jenkinsci only or more accounts?
18:14:03 <bitwiseman> Are there more acconts?
18:14:06 <danielbe_> jenkins_release is automated anyway. are there others?
18:14:12 <oleg-nenashev> Jenkins Releases
18:14:12 <rtyler> @jenkinsxio
18:14:17 <rtyler> or whatever
18:14:19 <tracymiranda> @jenkins_plugins or similar
18:14:21 <oleg-nenashev> Also JAM accounts
18:14:29 <oleg-nenashev> But they rather out of the scope
18:14:30 <rtyler> JAM accounts are only run by organizers
18:14:37 <oleg-nenashev> jenkinsconf maybe
18:14:55 <oleg-nenashev> Is it a community thing at all tho?
18:14:59 <bitwiseman> So, we don't have master list anywhere
18:14:59 <alyssat_> rtyler is correct about JAM accounts
18:15:09 <kohsuke> Can we put Jenkins facebook account under the same policies?
18:15:11 <alyssat_> jenkinsconf account is managed by CloudBees
18:15:35 <kohsuke> or whatever it's called by Facebook -- Facebook Page, maybe
18:15:44 <rtyler> kohsuke: can that be punted to another discuhssion
18:15:45 <danielbe_> we have a facebook account?
18:15:55 <rtyler> that's not even nearly managed/maintained presently right now as Twitter
18:15:58 <rtyler> and never really has
18:16:03 <danielbe_> rtyler +1
18:16:04 <rtyler> scope creep *hiss*
18:16:16 <kohsuke> Okay. It's autoposting from blogs atm
18:16:27 <danielbe_> tracymiranda I think the path forward with the JEP is clear, anything else you wanted to discuss?
18:16:30 <tracymiranda> hehe, any linked in pages I should know about
18:16:44 <tracymiranda> no nothing else
18:16:56 <rtyler> let's get twitter sorted, then we can tackle all the other social shenanigans :P
18:17:03 <danielbe_> linkedin? can't tell whether that's a joke or real :-/
18:17:06 * rtyler wonders if we have any property in Second Life
18:17:09 <danielbe_> alright, moving on
18:17:15 <danielbe_> #topic Jenkins Ambassader applicants
18:17:17 <kohsuke> https://www.linkedin.com/company/jenkins-project/
18:17:18 <oleg-nenashev> Malcolm Groves does all the Facebook job well
18:17:26 <oleg-nenashev> And he is not the bot :)
18:17:30 <danielbe_> #info https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/Tp0Q1QAHP2k
18:17:42 <danielbe_> bitwiseman and alyssat_ this is yours?
18:17:47 <alyssat_> yep
18:18:01 <alyssat_> We've received 8 applications for the ambassador program #info https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bL8YJpW45ByXQnfPEd0iJc-KBGoexhxgT-IcP0b2FZM/edit?usp=sharing.
18:18:31 <alyssat_> All 8 applicants appear highly qualified to me. I would like to request that we move forward and award these applicants the title of Jenkins Ambassadors
18:18:55 <rtyler> as I mentioned on the dev list, I wholeheartedly agree with this inaugural class
18:19:05 <alyssat_> awesome!
18:19:11 <bitwiseman> Looks great to meet. +1
18:19:16 <oleg-nenashev> works for me
18:19:36 <oleg-nenashev> We probably need an announcement blog + invitation to apply for others
18:19:40 <kohsuke> Great list indeed
18:19:57 <alyssat_> +1 for forth coming blog(s)
18:20:52 <danielbe_> this list looks great
18:21:11 <bitwiseman> Along with that, in the next couple weeks we can move JEP-4 to "Active".
18:21:17 <danielbe_> anyone against moving forward here?
18:21:35 <alyssat_> If there aren't any -1 i'll move forward with next steps of announcing these applicants Ambassadors
18:21:43 <tracymiranda> great
18:21:49 <rtyler> go go gadget ambassadors
18:21:58 <alyssat_> woot woot..thank you all
18:22:10 <danielbe_> #agreed Ambassador program is moving forward with candidates
18:22:25 <danielbe_> next topic?
18:22:35 <oleg-nenashev> yup
18:22:36 <rtyler> let's do it
18:22:41 <danielbe_> #topic GSoC status update and travel grants budget request
18:22:44 <danielbe_> oleg-nenashev yours
18:22:51 <danielbe_> #info https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/zS1jzYRoF08
18:22:56 <oleg-nenashev> So, before I go panhandling...
18:23:10 <rtyler> heh
18:23:12 <oleg-nenashev> #info: All 3 students have passed the Phase 2 evaluation
18:23:32 <oleg-nenashev> #info https://www.meetup.com/Jenkins-online-meetup/events/252500125/ if you have missed it
18:24:08 <oleg-nenashev> #info Next stop is final evaluation in 3 weeks, but we have started doing org things like travel grants for students
18:24:21 <oleg-nenashev> #info Travel grant request
18:24:30 <oleg-nenashev> Oops
18:24:33 <oleg-nenashev> #info: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/zS1jzYRoF08
18:24:52 * tracymiranda thinks this is a great investment
18:24:58 <oleg-nenashev> Sooo, we would like to sponsor our students
18:25:11 <oleg-nenashev> I have tried to list benefits to the community in the email
18:25:16 <rtyler> I'm in support of this, the budget is definitely there for this kind of thing in SPI
18:25:26 <danielbe_> it's not even SPI budget IIUC
18:25:35 <tracymiranda> it is split?
18:25:48 <oleg-nenashev> GSoC money are in SPI
18:25:53 <danielbe_> ah, ok
18:25:55 <tracymiranda> ok
18:26:00 <rtyler> oleg-nenashev: just so we're clear, the students understand that we would need to re-imburse them
18:26:03 <danielbe_> but specific GSoC budget we have enough of
18:26:03 <oleg-nenashev> So they are part of the overall budget presented by rtyler
18:26:08 <rtyler> we cannot purchase tickets or anything
18:26:12 <oleg-nenashev> yes
18:26:17 <rtyler> ok, sounds good
18:26:29 <tracymiranda> so will we cover 100% of travel expenses?
18:26:37 <tracymiranda> we i.e. jenkins spi
18:26:46 <oleg-nenashev> #info: JEP draft for GSoC budget and reimbursements: https://github.com/jenkinsci/jep/pull/144
18:26:56 <oleg-nenashev> Students are aware of that
18:27:15 <oleg-nenashev> tracymiranda: our problem is that we cannot offer 100% coverage only with GSoC budget
18:27:33 <tracymiranda> yes so does board approve the rest?
18:27:35 <oleg-nenashev> we would need up to 2k USD in addition to what we have
18:27:40 <tracymiranda> isn't that part of the ask here?
18:27:58 <oleg-nenashev> I have sent a request to the board, had a discussion with kohsuke
18:28:16 <oleg-nenashev> His opinion is that it is rather for Governance meeting IIUC
18:28:28 <oleg-nenashev> Waiting for the formal Jenkins Board response tho
18:28:42 <oleg-nenashev> FYI rtyler harebrain ^
18:28:52 <kohsuke> So just to make sure everyone is on the same page, because it took me a while to grok this,
18:28:53 <rtyler> we have ample funds to use here, 2k is probalby less than the attempts we've made in years past for FOSDEM travel grants combined :P
18:29:26 <kohsuke> There's about $4K that Google has paid for in GSoCs over years to Jenkins that we haven't used
18:29:44 <oleg-nenashev> it's 2k USD + GSoC money, so it's rather about 5-6k USD tops
18:29:58 <kohsuke> ... which is already held in SPI mixed with the rest of "general Jenkins coffer" that's totalling about $25K
18:30:05 <oleg-nenashev> GSoC budget calculations are also in the email
18:30:28 <rtyler> heh, I don't think this is actually that complicated
18:30:38 <kohsuke> The fist ask, which I thought was no brainer, that this $4K Google paid for GSoC be used for GSoC
18:30:50 <rtyler> GSoC brings in 2200 more into our account, and we need a total of ~4400 for these travel grants
18:31:00 <kohsuke> ... by the discretion of the leader of GSoC in Jenkins, which is oleg-nenashev
18:31:15 <oleg-nenashev> I propose to split vote to two parts. (1) Does Governance meeting approve using GSoC budget from 2016? (2) Are we open do go beyond (does not need to ne decided now)?
18:31:23 <kohsuke> The second ask, is that we spend another $2K or so from the general coffer for GSoC students
18:31:36 <oleg-nenashev> exactly kohsuke
18:32:02 <oleg-nenashev> So, any -1s regarding (1) ?
18:32:10 <kohsuke> +1, oleg-nenashev
18:32:12 <oleg-nenashev> Does Governance meeting approve using GSoC budget from 2016?
18:32:17 <oleg-nenashev> +1
18:32:18 <danielbe_> the newest treasurer report is Dec 2017 with 33.5k in the bank, what happened since I don't know. But between GitHub and Azure giving us free stuff, I doubt we have lots of expenses?
18:32:29 <rtyler> +1 to all of this, just ship it ;)
18:32:35 <danielbe_> (1) +1 (2) +2
18:32:49 <tracymiranda> can i vote? +1 anyway
18:32:54 <rtyler> danielbe_: iwe do not, security gifts and some github costs are what we spend money on
18:32:56 <kohsuke> Does GitHub give us free stuff?
18:32:57 <oleg-nenashev> everybody can vote
18:33:01 <alyssat_> +1
18:33:10 <rtyler> kohsuke: jenkinsci-cert is gratis, jenkins-infra is not
18:33:11 <danielbe_> kohsuke jenkinsci-cert is 100% off forever
18:33:20 <tracymiranda> cool
18:33:25 <danielbe_> which is at 1500 USD per year or so right now
18:34:09 <kohsuke> nice, I didn't know
18:34:10 <oleg-nenashev> less than stickers, yeah? :)
18:34:10 <oleg-nenashev> Okay, any other votes?
18:34:10 <oleg-nenashev> Counting 5
18:34:15 <oleg-nenashev> 4
18:34:18 <oleg-nenashev> 3
18:34:23 <oleg-nenashev> 2
18:34:25 <oleg-nenashev> 1
18:34:27 <danielbe_> #agreed We finance GSoC travel for the students from GSoC + general funds
18:34:39 <tracymiranda> thanks for sorting this oleg
18:34:53 <oleg-nenashev> #action oleg_nenashev to proceed with the budget things and GSoC logistics
18:34:58 <danielbe_> \o/
18:34:59 <oleg-nenashev> tracymiranda: happy to do that
18:35:23 <danielbe_> #topic next meeting
18:35:30 <oleg-nenashev> Does anybody want to be a GSoC budget BDFL delegate?
18:35:35 * oleg-nenashev is too slow
18:35:52 <danielbe_> #topic GSoC status update and travel grants budget request
18:35:57 <danielbe_> we can go back
18:36:31 <oleg-nenashev> let's see. I'd guess it should be kohsuke or rtyler  since they represent the board (and SPI)
18:36:40 <kohsuke> this needs JEP beyond what we decided?
18:36:46 <oleg-nenashev> yep
18:36:50 <kohsuke> OK
18:37:05 <oleg-nenashev> Common things like "we reimburse only economy class"
18:37:28 <kohsuke> Then I'll see it and figure out the delegate
18:37:32 <oleg-nenashev> + transparency requirements
18:37:38 <oleg-nenashev> thanks kohsuke!
18:37:52 <danielbe_> #topic next meeting
18:38:04 <danielbe_> August 1
18:38:11 <danielbe_> any public holidays I'm missing again?
18:38:33 <oleg-nenashev> Switzerland
18:38:37 <rtyler> isn't August 1st when the entire country of france goes on holiday?
18:39:09 <oleg-nenashev> aug 1 should be fine
18:39:15 <kohsuke> Let's stick to Aug 1, it's always holiday somewhere
18:39:25 <rtyler> heh
18:39:30 <danielbe_> ok then, Aug 1 it is
18:39:34 <danielbe_> #endmeeting