<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head><script src="//archive.org/includes/analytics.js?v=cf34f82" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">window.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded',function(){var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app226.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=247;archive_analytics.send_pageview({});});</script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/bundle-playback.js?v=MzYkZ0TU" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/wombat.js?v=UHAOicsW" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
  __wm.init("https://web.archive.org/web");
  __wm.wombat("http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-08-15-18.00.html","20211027215939","https://web.archive.org/","web","/_static/",
	      "1635371979");
</script>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/banner-styles.css?v=S1zqJCYt" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/iconochive.css?v=qtvMKcIJ" />
<!-- End Wayback Rewrite JS Include -->

<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by danielbe_ at 18:00:22 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-15-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Recap last meeting actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-15-18.00.log.html#l-10">danielbe_</a>, 18:00:53)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-08-01-18.00.html</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-15-18.00.log.html#l-11">danielbe_</a>,
    18:01:13)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-15-18.00.log.html#l-27">danielbe_</a>, 18:03:48)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">https://jenkins.io/security/advisory/2018-08-15/</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-15-18.00.log.html#l-29">danielbe_</a>,
    18:04:09)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">https://jenkins.io/changelog-stable/#v2.121.3</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-15-18.00.log.html#l-31">danielbe_</a>,
    18:04:18)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS next baseline selection</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-15-18.00.log.html#l-35">danielbe_</a>, 18:04:53)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">https://github.com/java-native-access/jna/blob/4.5.X/CHANGES.md</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-15-18.00.log.html#l-50">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:08:09)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">2.138 will be
    the next LTS baseline</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-15-18.00.log.html#l-106">danielbe_</a>,
    18:23:14)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ogondza to
    announce backporting and LTS version involving JNA update
    ASAP</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-15-18.00.log.html#l-114">ogondza</a>,
    18:26:07)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GSoC end-of-summer check</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-15-18.00.log.html#l-116">danielbe_</a>, 18:26:27)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">GSoC is officially over. Results will be
    announced on Aug 22</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-15-18.00.log.html#l-120">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:27:15)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">All 3 students reached the final evaluation and
    presented their work. See
    https://www.meetup.com/Jenkins-online-meetup/events/253577758/</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-15-18.00.log.html#l-121">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:27:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Also, we formed an official GSoC SIG:
    https://jenkins.io/sigs/gsoc/</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-15-18.00.log.html#l-124">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:28:49)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">: We also elected GSoC Mentor Summit delegates.
    Jeff Pearce and Oleg Nenashev  will go to the summit this year, the
    n they will talk about their visit at the SIG meeting</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-15-18.00.log.html#l-125">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:29:58)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">:
    oleg_nenashev: schedule and announce the public retrospective</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-15-18.00.log.html#l-146">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:33:52)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-15-18.00.log.html#l-165">danielbe_</a>, 18:37:41)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">modify plugin
    adoption process</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-15-18.00.log.html#l-173">rodrigc</a>,
    18:38:50)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">modify plugin adoption process</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-15-18.00.log.html#l-180">danielbe_</a>, 18:39:45)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">will email
    something to the jenkins-dev list</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-15-18.00.log.html#l-193">rodrigc</a>,
    18:42:08)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rodrigc to
    email the dev list about a revision of the plugin adoption
    process</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-15-18.00.log.html#l-197">danielbe_</a>,
    18:42:56)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-15-18.00.log.html#l-201">danielbe_</a>, 18:43:29)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:44:11 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2018-08-15-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>ogondza to announce backporting and LTS version involving JNA update ASAP</li>
  <li>: oleg_nenashev: schedule and announce the public retrospective</li>
  <li>will email something to the jenkins-dev list</li>
  <li>rodrigc to email the dev list about a revision of the plugin adoption process</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> ogondza <ol>
    <li>ogondza to announce backporting and LTS version involving JNA update ASAP</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rodrigc <ol>
    <li>rodrigc to email the dev list about a revision of the plugin adoption process</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li><b>UNASSIGNED</b><ol>
    <li>: oleg_nenashev: schedule and announce the public retrospective</li>
    <li>will email something to the jenkins-dev list</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>danielbe_ (71)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (61)</li>
  <li>ogondza (21)</li>
  <li>tracymiranda (20)</li>
  <li>rodrigc (14)</li>
  <li>rtyler (9)</li>
  <li>sst6627 (3)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>bitwiseman (2)</li>
  <li>alyssat_ (1)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="https://web.archive.org/web/20211027215939/http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
<!--
     FILE ARCHIVED ON 21:59:39 Oct 27, 2021 AND RETRIEVED FROM THE
     INTERNET ARCHIVE ON 15:06:36 Nov 09, 2022.
     JAVASCRIPT APPENDED BY WAYBACK MACHINE, COPYRIGHT INTERNET ARCHIVE.

     ALL OTHER CONTENT MAY ALSO BE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT (17 U.S.C.
     SECTION 108(a)(3)).
-->
<!--
playback timings (ms):
  captures_list: 168.96
  exclusion.robots: 0.175
  exclusion.robots.policy: 0.163
  RedisCDXSource: 0.75
  esindex: 0.012
  LoadShardBlock: 142.446 (3)
  PetaboxLoader3.datanode: 141.772 (4)
  CDXLines.iter: 21.095 (3)
  load_resource: 72.107
  PetaboxLoader3.resolve: 48.163
-->