========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:09 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-04-11-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Last meeting actions  (rtyler, 18:01:13)
  * today's agenda
    https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda#GovernanceMeetingAgenda-April11thmeeting
    (rtyler, 18:03:21)

* LTS status check  (rtyler, 18:04:01)

* GSoC Status Update  (rtyler, 18:13:58)
  * We have requested project slots from Google and got all slots we
    requested. Student projects will be announced on April 23
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:14:59)
  * we will be doing some training sessions for newcomer contributors
    starting from April 23. Stay tuned for announcements in the dev list
    if you are interested  (oleg-nenashev, 18:16:54)
  * ACTION: rtyler to introduce oleg-nenashev to the YouTube channel
    "Manager" settings so he can run GSoC sessions  (rtyler, 18:22:15)

* Trademark sublicensing request "DevOps World - Jenkins World"
  (rtyler, 18:23:56)
  * kohsuke's mail to the dev list
    https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-dev/d1rrCcY-VyM/Pu4RdH2LBwAJ
    (rtyler, 18:24:32)
  * for those not familiar with our trademark policies
    https://jenkins.io/project/governance/#trademark  (rtyler, 18:24:55)
  * AGREED: sublicense request for "DevOps World - Jenkins World"
    approved  (rtyler, 18:32:41)
  * CloudBees, Inc is expected to follow the appropriate trademark
    sublicense attribution requirements for the event, as outlined here
    https://jenkins.io/project/governance/#attribution-for-sublicensees
    (rtyler, 18:33:17)
  * ACTION: rtyler to update the approved trademark usage wiki page
    (rtyler, 18:33:32)

* SPI financial request for review  (rtyler, 18:34:45)
  * meet zobel, one of the memebers of the Software in the Public
    Interest board  (rtyler, 18:35:02)
  * ACTION: rtyler to make sure to review the 2017 Jenkins financial
    data with kohsuke once he's back from walkabout  (rtyler, 18:39:40)
  * our current contract with Microsoft is approximate 2/3rds complete,
    which means we have "free" infra funding into mid April 2019
    (rtyler, 18:43:34)
  * the SPI board and extended community can be found in the #spi
    channel on irc.oftc.net  (rtyler, 18:45:31)

* Next meeting  (rtyler, 18:48:22)
  * next meeting will be April 25th, same time of day 18:00 UTC
    (rtyler, 18:50:06)

Meeting ended at 18:50:25 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* rtyler to introduce oleg-nenashev to the YouTube channel "Manager"
  settings so he can run GSoC sessions
* rtyler to update the approved trademark usage wiki page
* rtyler to make sure to review the 2017 Jenkins financial data with
  kohsuke once he's back from walkabout




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* kohsuke
  * rtyler to make sure to review the 2017 Jenkins financial data with
    kohsuke once he's back from walkabout
* oleg-nenashev
  * rtyler to introduce oleg-nenashev to the YouTube channel "Manager"
    settings so he can run GSoC sessions
* rtyler
  * rtyler to introduce oleg-nenashev to the YouTube channel "Manager"
    settings so he can run GSoC sessions
  * rtyler to update the approved trademark usage wiki page
  * rtyler to make sure to review the 2017 Jenkins financial data with
    kohsuke once he's back from walkabout
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (89)
* oleg-nenashev (37)
* zobel (21)
* jglick (7)
* markewaite (6)
* Slide-O-Mix (4)
* alyssat_ (4)
* robobutler (2)
* bitwiseman (1)
* kohsuke (0)
* danielbeck (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
