========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by danielbeck at 18:00:06 UTC. The full logs are
available at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-05-09-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Recap last meeting's actions  (danielbeck, 18:00:52)
  *
    meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-04-25-18.00.html
    (danielbeck, 18:00:58)

* LTS status check  (danielbeck, 18:01:46)
  * https://jenkins.io/security/advisory/2018-05-09/  (danielbeck,
    18:02:49)

* LTS next baseline selection  (danielbeck, 18:10:49)
  * https://jenkins.io/changelog/  (danielbeck, 18:11:05)
  * LINK:
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/jenkinsci-dev/7nR0_kI71xA/TNrMNVlmAAAJ
    (danielbeck, 18:33:24)
  * ACTION: ogondza I will start a baseline of 2.121 remarking we may
    reevaluate in case of critical regressions  (ogondza, 18:39:59)
  * AGREED: 2.121 is the next LTS baseline  (danielbeck, 18:41:29)

* GSoC status check  (danielbeck, 18:41:37)
  * GSoC projects: https://jenkins.io/projects/gsoc/#projects
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:41:54)
  * GSoC Special Interest Group chat:
    https://gitter.im/jenkinsci/gsoc-sig  (oleg-nenashev, 18:42:47)
  * Jeff Pearce (https://github.com/jeffpearce, Cobertura plugin
    maintainer) joins the Code Coverage API Plugin project as a mentor.
    Welcome aboard Jeff!  (oleg-nenashev, 18:45:22)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to reach out to the board and alyssat_
    regarding swag and conference logistics for GSoC  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:47:26)

* next meeting  (danielbeck, 18:49:26)

Meeting ended at 18:50:02 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* ogondza I will start a baseline of 2.121 remarking we may reevaluate
  in case of critical regressions
* oleg_nenashev to reach out to the board and alyssat_ regarding swag
  and conference logistics for GSoC




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* ogondza
  * ogondza I will start a baseline of 2.121 remarking we may reevaluate
    in case of critical regressions
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * oleg_nenashev to reach out to the board and alyssat_ regarding swag
    and conference logistics for GSoC




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* danielbeck (89)
* oleg-nenashev (59)
* ogondza (33)
* jglick (9)
* dnusbaum (4)
* robobutler (2)
* markewaite (1)
* rtyler (0)
* kohsuke (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
