<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head><script src="//archive.org/includes/analytics.js?v=cf34f82" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">window.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded',function(){var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app28.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=677;archive_analytics.send_pageview({});});</script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/bundle-playback.js?v=MzYkZ0TU" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/wombat.js?v=UHAOicsW" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
  __wm.init("https://web.archive.org/web");
  __wm.wombat("http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-08-01-18.00.log.html","20211027225313","https://web.archive.org/","web","/_static/",
	      "1635375193");
</script>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/banner-styles.css?v=S1zqJCYt" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/iconochive.css?v=qtvMKcIJ" />
<!-- End Wayback Rewrite JS Include -->

<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:00:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:00:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:00:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">kohsuke rtyler</span>
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:00:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Current chairs: danielbeck kohsuke rtyler
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:00:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> alright danielbeck get us started :0
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:00:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> \o/
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:01:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:01:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> hello
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:01:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> hi
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:01:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> hi everyone!
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:01:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> hola
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:01:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> hi
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:01:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Recap last meeting's actions</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:01:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> No LTS status check today?
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:01:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-07-18-18.00.html</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:01:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> probably just missing, we'll do that second
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:01:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:02:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> ogondza did you add Jenkinsfiles?
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:02:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> GSoC action item is done
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:02:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> yep, thanks again
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:02:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> great
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:02:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">LTS status check</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:02:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> ogondza I saw you did the backports today
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:02:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> yeah, ATH still running
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:03:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> presumably it will not blow up overnight, I will be pushing RC tomorrow afternoon UTC
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:03:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:03:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/issues/?jql=labels%20%3D%202.121.3-fixed</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:04:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> that would be it for me
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:04:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Travel grant request to DevOps World - Jenkins World SF</span>
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:04:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> is Mandy around?
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:04:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> she mentioned she would join
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:05:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krysjonaz&gt;</span> 
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:05:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krysjonaz&gt;</span> 
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:05:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krysjonaz&gt;</span> 
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:05:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> oh man
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:05:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;krysjonaz&gt;</span> A fascinating blog by freenode staff member Matthew 'mst' Trout https://MattSTrout.com/
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:05:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> she said she's having trouble joining
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:05:56 </span><span class="nka">* tracymiranda</span> <span class="ac">cheers for danielbeck's swift reaction</span>
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:06:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-dev/hG0zmAIiTN0/Fp9TPK2TCwAJ</span>
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:06:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> It seems that responders are fine with 500 USD grant
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:06:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> right, we still have the old grant program that wasn't really used
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:06:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> seems like we should split in 2 parts: 1 for travel grant, 1 for anything beyond that
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:07:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Travel+Grant+Program</span>
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:07:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> tracymiranda that seems reasonable
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:07:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Do 500USD make difference there?
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:07:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> But yeah, fine with splitting
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:07:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> I don't think she's said anything about whether a partial grant would help her
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:08:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> a percentage of total is better than nothing.
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:08:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> We can make the offer and see what she says.
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:08:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> yup
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:08:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> rtyler how are the project funds looking? SPI isn't really keeping up with the treasurer reports it seems
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:08:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> well, there's the 2017 report :P
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:09:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> I can get approval from CloudBees to help with some as well. +1 w/ Liam on partial is better than nothing
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:09:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> but yeah, we've got around 30k last I checked
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:09:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:10:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> so, let's vote?
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:10:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> shall we go ahead and vote for the basic program? I expect that will be fairly straightforward?
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:10:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:10:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:10:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:10:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:10:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I'm +1 on allocating funds thorugh our existing grant program
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:10:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> thanks rtyler for making clear you're not voting to vote ;-)
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:10:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> alyssat_ can see about more from cloudbees if Mandy asks.
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:11:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> I'm +1 as well
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:11:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> yes bitwiseman
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:11:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Also +1 from Mark
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:11:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> +1 from KK
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:11:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> ... in the mailing list
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:11:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Any  concerns?
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:12:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> Correction, KK seems in favor but not explicit +1
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:12:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> no concerns from me
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:12:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">Mandy Hubbart to get 500 USD travel grant as per the 2015 program</span>
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:13:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> now the question is, whether to go higher
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:13:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> and how much higher
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:13:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> TBH I long thought treating any destination the same was a bit weird
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:13:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> I think we should consider the current market value and the location of the conf
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:14:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> as in, come to JW SF for 4 days and get the same as we might grant for a 2 day conf elsewhere
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:14:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I don't think this is the productive venue to discuss this
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:14:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> if somebody wants to put forth a propose to enlarge the travel grant program, or change it, then I welcome an actual proposal
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:14:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I second rtyler's feedback
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:15:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> sounds good
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:15:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> just go to the vote then? What would we be voting on? Full 2k? Half? Or skip the vote?
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:15:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> Possibly in a JEP.
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:15:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> for sure as JEP :)
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:15:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> i would advocate for an additional $500  as a merit/diversity grant
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:15:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tracymiranda:</span> that sounds good to me.
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:15:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:15:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> no policy for that so far
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:16:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> guess I have another agenda item for today then :-)
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:16:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I'm -1 on shooting from the hip here without an actual prroposal sent to the dev list
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:16:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I agree it is important, but there should be justification for that
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:16:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> agree it should be done in a way others know they can apply for similar
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:16:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> do we know how urgent this is?
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:17:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> can we still decide on it in 2 weeks or is that too late to book etc.?
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:17:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Our policy says we will reply not later than 4 weeks before the event
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:17:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> Mandy needs to know asap so she can book her trip
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:17:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> would have been great to know about this more than 1 day before the meeting :-/
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:18:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> so, do we want to vote?
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:19:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> given the time constraints, I propose a vote on an additional 500 USD. If there's consensus support for that, we're done, otherwise we can come back to this in the next meeting after further discussion. WDYT?
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:19:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Or do we take the discussion to the ML?
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:19:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> +1 danielbeck
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:20:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> -1, I don't believe this is a fair way to appropriate Jenkins project funds
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:20:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> -1
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:20:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> what are requirements for a vote to pass?
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:20:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> majority...super majority...
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:20:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> unanimous...
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:20:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:20:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Just avoid the new board election algorithms :) KISS to make it working
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:21:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> ±0
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:21:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> https://jenkins.io/project/governance/#meeting simply discusses "consensus"
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:21:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> To clarify: My -1 is mostly about lack of the process definition or even a draft proposal
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:22:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I appreciate the perceived time pressure here, but this is not how we have spent project funds in the past, and would like to get consensus on the dev list first and foremost
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:22:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> okay, it sounds like there is not consensus.
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:23:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> yes. If alyssat_'s vote is for the decision then we're at 50%, so should go back to the list for further discussion.
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:23:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> anyone else would like to vote?
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:23:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> and well, if it's not, we're majority against
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:23:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> doesn't look like it
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:23:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> How about we offer $500 and tell her that we are discussing additional?
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:24:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> Well I said +1, but
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:24:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> I'm all for consensus.
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:25:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> I'm fine with bitwiseman's suggestion
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:25:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> historically we've aimed at overwhelming majority and right now we're at less than 2/3
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:25:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> so I propose we circle back to the dev list for an actual proposal
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:26:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> that's reasonable IMO
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:26:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> Then Mandy can decide if $500 is enough - be clear that we additional funds should not be counted on.
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:26:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> i would jump at the chance to be more inclusive right now imho
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:27:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> TBF, this was a very last minute proposal, so I'm not surprised we're not agreeing to rewrite project policy the same day
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:27:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I'm strongly aginst spending project funds without a proper proposal circulated to the dev list
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:27:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tracymiranda:</span> I completely agree, and we can communicate that we are trying to do so, but there it will take time.
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:28:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> agreed, dev-list first.
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:28:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> with communication to Mandy in parallel.
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:28:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> aye
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:30:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> Mandy joined...Hi DevMandy
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:30:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> tracymiranda IIUC you want to establish a general diversity grant program -- is that something you can prepare in the next week or so?
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:30:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> yep - what format - dev list email or JEP
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">18:30:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;NightMonkey21&gt;</span> 
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">18:30:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;NightMonkey21&gt;</span> 
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">18:30:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;NightMonkey21&gt;</span> 
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">18:31:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;NightMonkey21&gt;</span> 
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">18:31:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> JEP draft would be nice
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">18:31:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> JEP includes dev-list
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">18:31:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I'm fine either way to be honest, just something written down accessible to all potential applicants
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">18:31:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> our existing grant is program is just some stuff on the wiki
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">18:32:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> what is a good amount % to invest in diversity and inclusion efforts?
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:32:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> per year
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:32:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;DevMandy&gt;</span> Hi everyone.  I understand you don't quite have a protocol for this.  I am here to answer any questions about my request.
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:33:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> define "diversity" please
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">18:33:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> hi DevMandy!
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">18:33:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tracymiranda:</span> 20-40 IMHO, assuming that kohsuke's going to go do more fundraising for us :)
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">18:33:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> DevMandy o/  we were able to agree on a 500 USD grant based on the existing program, but we'll need to do another round of discussion for more than that
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">18:34:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> This is a wide thing which may be dangerous if applied incorrectly. Though I fully support having a program
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">18:34:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> rtyler 20-40% of the 0 USD income we have? :S
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">18:34:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> inherent diversity traits such as gender, ethnicity, age, sexual orientation
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">18:34:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> or disability, at least
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">18:35:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> off the current (let's call it annual) budget
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">18:35:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Do we still have the Patron program tho?
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">18:35:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> no donations this year I think
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">18:36:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> danielbeck is correct. no donation so far this yr
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">18:36:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> basically since I've proposed stopping it it wasn't used at all
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">18:36:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">18:36:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> It is not helpful until we have advertisement on jenkins.io
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">18:37:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> I would have to do more outreach to prospects
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">18:37:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> JSF would solve it, no?
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">18:37:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> that's the hope &amp; plan
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">18:38:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> yup
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">18:39:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> So, does anybody have questions to DevMandy  while she is around?
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">18:40:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> I don't have any
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">18:40:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> not from me
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">18:40:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">18:40:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> It seems like there's no questions that we want to support, it's a matter of how and how much.
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">18:40:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> tracymiranda so you'll propose a revision of the travel grant program?
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">18:40:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> should we limit to travel grant?
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">18:41:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> I was looking at python general grant program...
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">18:41:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> but maybe scope is too wide
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">18:41:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> it'sll be faster to limit to travel right now
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">18:41:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">18:41:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> much easier to get agreement quickly on, which is importnat here IMO
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">18:42:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;DevMandy&gt;</span> i won't be able to attend without the full amount :(
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">18:42:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;DevMandy&gt;</span> my company still hadn't gotten back to me when i accepted. i asked for more time, but that wasn't an option
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">18:42:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> DevMandy to clarify, anything less than 2000 won't help?
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">18:42:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;DevMandy&gt;</span> i would have to pay for it out of my own pocket
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">18:43:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> TBF, it happens often in open-source communities
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">18:43:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;DevMandy&gt;</span> yeah, well i can't do that
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">18:43:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> so, let's see if we can find a way
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">18:44:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> as mentioned earlier I can work with DevMandy on the CloudBees grant if it helps
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">18:44:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> yes sounds like a good pincer move - we update grant proposal on Jenkins end and see if we can get policy for more and all push CloudBees to do more here
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">18:45:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Also, there are dozens of other sponsors listed
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">18:45:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> *also (
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">18:45:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">tracymiranda to prepare updated grant proposal</span>
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">18:46:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">we won't commit to a larger travel grant today</span>
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">18:47:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raSter^8&gt;</span> 
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">18:47:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raSter^8&gt;</span> 
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">18:47:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raSter^8&gt;</span>
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">18:47:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raSter^8&gt;</span>
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">18:47:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> anything further about this topic right now, before we have a proposal from tracymiranda ?
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">18:47:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> nope
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">18:47:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Just make sure that diversity does not apply to such spammers
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">18:47:42 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">rolls eyes</span>
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">18:48:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> could probably set +m and give everyone +v :-/
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">18:48:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> make sure spammers don't find a way to vote ;)
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">18:48:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">GSoC status update</span>
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">18:48:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev only saw this now, sorry for the skip
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">18:48:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Oh
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">18:48:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Who did add that? :)
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">18:48:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> hah
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">18:48:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> rtyler I think
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">18:48:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Anyway, so far so good
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">18:48:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> :D
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">18:49:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> @info Coding period ends on Aug 6
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">18:49:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> whatever
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">18:49:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We will have final presentation on the week of Aug 10, TBA</span>
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">18:49:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> cool, will that be done through the Youtube channel?
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">18:49:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">18:49:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev all projects are successful? Or not determined yet?
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">18:49:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> as JOM, likely
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">18:50:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">18:50:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> Cannot comment on that, mentors will decide
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">18:50:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">18:50:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">danielbeck:</span> I don't think that will be determined until their penciles have been put down after the 6th :p
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">18:50:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> it's like you're surprised I know nothing :P
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">18:50:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> There are some issues, as always
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">18:50:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> But we are working on them
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">18:51:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">GSoC SIG will be introduced this weekend</span>
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">18:51:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> just to have it, we already have all channels in place
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">18:52:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> \o/
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">18:52:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> So, I am ready to answer any questions :)
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">18:52:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> GSoC doesn't meet year-round.
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">18:52:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> It should
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">18:52:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> Okay, cool.
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">18:52:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> GSoC never ends actually
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">18:52:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> Forever summer.
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">18:52:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> For org admins . yes
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">18:53:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> We need to organize things and to find mentor teams
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">18:53:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Usually it starts in autumn
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">18:53:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> interesting, I was wondering why the sig, but this makes sense
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">18:53:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> how northern hemisphere centric you are danielbeck  :P
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">18:53:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Well, the difference between SIGs and projects is something we could discuss
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">18:54:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SWAT23&gt;</span> 
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">18:54:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SWAT23&gt;</span>
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">18:54:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> If a project has regular meetings &amp; leads, it's almost a SIG
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">18:54:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> But whatever
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">18:54:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> oleg-nenashev any further updates?
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">18:54:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Nope
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">18:55:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> thanks!
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">18:55:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> We just should produce more community buzz
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">18:55:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">next meeting</span>
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">18:55:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> everywhere
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">18:55:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> that would be August 15
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">18:56:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> which, by the way, is the date for the next LTS baseline selection as well
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">18:56:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> so anyone interested in that should show up
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">18:56:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;danielbeck&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
<!--
     FILE ARCHIVED ON 22:53:13 Oct 27, 2021 AND RETRIEVED FROM THE
     INTERNET ARCHIVE ON 15:06:32 Nov 09, 2022.
     JAVASCRIPT APPENDED BY WAYBACK MACHINE, COPYRIGHT INTERNET ARCHIVE.

     ALL OTHER CONTENT MAY ALSO BE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT (17 U.S.C.
     SECTION 108(a)(3)).
-->
<!--
playback timings (ms):
  captures_list: 568.804
  exclusion.robots: 0.118
  exclusion.robots.policy: 0.11
  cdx.remote: 0.073
  esindex: 0.012
  LoadShardBlock: 449.04 (3)
  PetaboxLoader3.resolve: 281.316 (3)
  PetaboxLoader3.datanode: 218.439 (4)
  CDXLines.iter: 26.354 (3)
  load_resource: 80.099
-->