<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head><script src="//archive.org/includes/analytics.js?v=cf34f82" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">window.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded',function(){var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app222.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=283;archive_analytics.send_pageview({});});</script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/bundle-playback.js?v=MzYkZ0TU" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/wombat.js?v=UHAOicsW" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
  __wm.init("https://web.archive.org/web");
  __wm.wombat("http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2018/jenkins-meeting.2018-12-05-18.01.log.html","20211027220026","https://web.archive.org/","web","/_static/",
	      "1635372026");
</script>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/banner-styles.css?v=S1zqJCYt" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/iconochive.css?v=qtvMKcIJ" />
<!-- End Wayback Rewrite JS Include -->

<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:01:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:01:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:01:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> oh yes, here we go
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:02:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:02:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> If you want to add something, please do it within 15 minutes
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:02:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Recap last meeting actions</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:02:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> "oleg_nenashev to explore options to get Platform SIG access to trusted ci"
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:03:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I have started the discussion with olblak about that, and there were other discussions in the channel
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:04:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Regular Platform SIG meetings are scheduled to 2PM UTC on Thursdays. If you need feedback about infra in advance, please reach out to the Platform SIG leader(s). They will channel it to olblak</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:04:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> "oleg_nenashev to restart the discussion of the Outreach / Community Development SIG" DONE
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:05:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/84vjWz_Ho1k</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:05:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> That's what with noted action items
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:05:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Are we missing anything?
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:05:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> I'm responding to Oleg's last email on that thread now.
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:06:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> yey, thanks!
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:06:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> so, let's move on
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:06:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">LTS Status Check</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:07:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ogondza:</span> The floor is yours ^
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:07:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> right, the floor
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:07:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> .1 is already released
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:08:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> due to security updates
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:08:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> we are starting .2 backporting tomorrow
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:08:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> note the window will be 4 week long, holiday including
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:09:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> the RC for .2 is expected to be out on January 2nd
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:09:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info: </span><span class="cmdline">Holiday break for LTS releases: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/xn3xUE8Y-j8</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:09:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> and that is it, folks
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:09:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> How is .1 going so far?
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:09:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> released
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:09:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> It does not look there are regressions from Jenkins JIRA
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:10:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> the thing is in case the LTS is a security release, it gets out before this meeting
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:10:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://jenkins.io/security/advisory/2018-12-05/</span>
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:10:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">all to upgrade their public-facing instances ASAP, there is a critical regression. https://jenkins.io/security/advisory/2018-12-05/</span>
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:10:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> right, this time, we are mostly careful about the security patches so we all have to watch the reports extra careful this time
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:11:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Kudos to danielbeck wadeck jglick  and all other involved contributors
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:11:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Any questions so far?
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:12:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> going once
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:12:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tracymiranda:</span> Are you ready to the next topic?
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:12:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> going twice
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:13:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> No tracy, so probably we will hop to Java 11 for now
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:13:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Java 11 preview availability - status update</span>
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:13:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> okay, that's me typing a lot
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:14:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/jenkinsci/jep/tree/master/jep/211</span>
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:14:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span>  I think I can lead the discussion of Jenkins X support if tracy doesn't make it.
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:15:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bitwiseman:</span> Feel free to do it. Let's give her a chance for now
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:15:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> So continuing to JEP-211.
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:16:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> (whose name brings a smile to my face every time I see it. :) )
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:16:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">There were 3 major  blockers for the Preview Availability release: Pipeline: Support Patches, Docker Packaging, and test tools/automation</span>
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:16:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I will try to paste my email draft here
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:16:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/VnEvKnAo/
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:17:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> To be sent once I finalize the email and add acknowledgments to all the contributors
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:17:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> What I want to say... We are almost there, and we are ready to schedule the **preview** availability announcement to the next week
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:18:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> We will have a final status check at the Platform SIG meeting, but I believe all major concerns are addressed
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:18:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> Hello
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:19:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> Sorry having trouble connecting, here now
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:19:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> My plan is to accept JEP-211 tomorrow and then to get the announcements out by Dec 17
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:19:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tracymiranda:</span> we will return back to the topic
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:20:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> Thanks
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:20:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I wanted to ask whether anybody has questions about the process and the preview availability
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:21:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Technically it is possible to run Jenkins with Java 11 starting from Jenkins 2.144, so the announcement is just a matter of the visibility and getting the community feedback
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:22:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Any opinions? Esp. batmat ogondza markewaite who were heavily involved in the recent discussion and testing phases
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:22:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> Could you make sure that there is mail to the dev list saying that you are reviewing it for acceptance and if folk have any feedback they should get their PR opened now.
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:23:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bitwiseman:</span> There was an email for that this summer, but I will make sure to poke folks
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:23:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> + reviews at SIG meetings
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:23:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> My pastebin above is actually a part of that email
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:23:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> are we going to encourage plugin devs to use CI with java 11?
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:24:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ogondza:</span> Yes, developer guidelines
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:24:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:24:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> It will be also a part of the announcement, I believe
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:24:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> For preview we will be targeting Jenkins plugin maintainers and early adopters
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:25:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> silly question, why do we need java11 specific plugin update center?
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:25:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info: </span><span class="cmdline">FTR Wiki page with known compatibility issues: https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Known+Java+11+Compatibility+issues</span>
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:25:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> thanks batmat ^
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:26:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ogondza:</span> No, we will not have a production update center for Java 11. We will have a *temporary* experimental update center for Java 11 patches
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:26:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> oh, ok
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:26:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">oleg_nenashev to clarify the Java 11 experimental update center in the JEP-211</span>
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:26:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> thanks for the question!
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:27:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> it all looks good to me
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:27:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> Oleg, deserves this present to be delivered in time
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:27:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> So far we requiring all plugins to be compatible with Java 8
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:28:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> To be clear, the goal of JEP-211 is Java 11 support for Jenkins.  That is to say the just preview is not the goal.  Right?
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:28:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> To enforce that, we are deploying some ecosystem in Plugin POMs for new releases, see https://github.com/jenkinsci/maven-hpi-plugin#30-2018-12-05 and JENKINS-20679
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:29:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bitwiseman:</span> Preview is the first milestone as documented in the rollout plan
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:29:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info: </span><span class="cmdline">JEP-211 rollout plan: https://github.com/jenkinsci/jep/tree/master/jep/211#rollout-plan</span>
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:29:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Preview:</span> at one point we were targeting Java 10 with this JEP and Java 11 would be preview.
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:29:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> Now the target is J11.
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:29:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> It was modified since that time
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:29:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> Right.
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:29:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Java 10 was removed from JEP-211
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:30:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Because it is no longer supported according to the new OpenJDK process
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:30:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Java 11 is LTS, and it will stay for years
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:30:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> So we target only it
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:30:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> There's some left over bullet points that are a little unclear, I'll PR.
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:31:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bitwiseman:</span>  thanks!
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:31:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I will probably give people more time to comment, e.g. till Monday
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:31:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I would like the JEP to get accepted before the preview announcements, but that's it
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:32:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> any other questions?
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:32:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> 5
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:32:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> 4
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:32:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> 3
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:32:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> 2
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:32:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> 1. Thanks ogondza bitwiseman  for the feedback
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:33:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Trademark sublicensing request "CloudBees Jenkins X Support"</span>
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:33:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> Apologies for being late
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:33:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> tracymiranda ^
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:33:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> no worries
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:33:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-dev/d1rrCcY-VyM/Pu4RdH2LBwAJ is request
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:33:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-dev/d1rrCcY-VyM/Pu4RdH2LBwAJ</span>
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:34:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> not that one
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:34:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> Same as previously approved sublicense but for Jenkins X
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:34:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/5uFXdnr6-k0 - correct link</span>
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:34:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> Comments/questions welcome
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:34:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> Thx
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:35:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Just to provide some context, before the meeting I reached out to Jenkins X project leaders and got their response in the thread (James Strachan and James Rawlings). They +1d
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:36:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">the request is approved by Jenkins X Project leaders</span>
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:37:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">There is a similar "CloudBees Jenkins Support" trademark request which has been approved on 06.06.2018: https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Approved+Trademark+Usage</span>
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:37:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> Any opposition?
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:38:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I voted +1 due to that precedent though I abstained in the original request
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:38:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> "original" == CloudBees Jenkins Support
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:39:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> ogondza orrc schristou  mcirioli_  _ari_  : ^ WDYT?
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:40:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> There is also a +1 vote by jtnord in the thread
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:40:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> so, 4 +1s and no -1s/abstains so far
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:40:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bitwiseman:</span> what is your vote btw?
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:41:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> let's give it 1 more minute and then go on
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:41:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:42:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Full disclaimer: only board members can edit the Wiki page
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:42:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mcirioli_&gt;</span> looking @oleg-nenashev
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:42:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I am not sure when kohsuke and rtyler will be able to apply changes. They are out today
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:43:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> ok, then let's wait a bit
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:43:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> +1 from me also
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:45:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mcirioli_&gt;</span> +1 from me too, assuming i am not too late to this party
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:45:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> OK, thanks mcirioli_  !
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:45:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alyssat_&gt;</span> +1 for me as well
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:45:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mcirioli_&gt;</span> happy to have someone to talk to on irc again :)
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:45:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed: </span><span class="cmdline">"CloudBees Jenkins X Support" trademark usage approval request by tracymiranda is approved</span>
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:46:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> Thanks all
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:46:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">kohsuke or rtyler to update https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Approved+Trademark+Usage</span>
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">18:46:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> any questions about this topic?
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">18:47:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I assume no
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">18:47:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">GSoC status Update</span>
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">18:47:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> That's me again
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">18:48:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We have accumulated 10 published project ideas, several other ideas are in review. https://jenkins.io/projects/gsoc/2019/project-ideas/</span>
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">18:49:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We are changing the layout of GSoC pages and the application process</span>
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">18:50:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The new application process is to be published soon.  https://docs.google.com/document/d/14N6kCShmxy4SumT0khuEFxXYZE4v1_bimK66PJuBHzM/edit#heading=h.l6tvycd1jfcp lists the new process</span>
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">18:50:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">TL;DR:</span> Submit us a Google Doc via Gitter or Mailing list
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">18:51:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">we plan to start Developer ML announcements next week</span>
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:51:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> So, is anybody interested to know more?
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:52:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mcirioli&gt;</span> looks like some interesting ideas for GSoC
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:52:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> And we are looking for more! :)
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">18:52:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mcirioli&gt;</span> @oleg-nenashev do you have a link to developer ML handy?
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">18:53:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/ ?
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">18:53:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> This is good stuff!
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">18:53:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info: </span><span class="cmdline">GSoC public mailing list: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/jenkinsci-gsoc-all-public</span>
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">18:54:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> One of the curious proposals which has nit been published yet... We are about running a "Promoted Builds for Jenkins Pipeline" project
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">18:54:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UYi0jIYsKHE5IGS84B5W0XBoeMyF4yY_exu-21O99U8/edit?usp=sharing
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">18:55:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-36089 has 120 votes in Jenkins JIRA
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">18:55:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> So yeah, please feel free to propose something
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">18:56:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">18:56:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> My plan is to also talk about project ideas in the Outrach/Advocacy SIG(s) once they get published. I have some ideas, but I need mentors bitwiseman tracymiranda  ;)
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">18:56:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> But it's a bit premature, stay tuned for various threads!
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">18:56:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Any questions?
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">18:57:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitwiseman&gt;</span> Sure.
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">18:57:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> seems no
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">18:58:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Next meeting</span>
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">18:58:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> It would be Dec 19 according to the current schedule
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">18:58:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Any objections?
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">18:59:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> 5
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">18:59:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> 4
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">18:59:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> 3
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">18:59:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> 2
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">18:59:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> 1
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">18:59:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I'd guess that's it
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">18:59:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mcirioli&gt;</span> works for me
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">18:59:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I will likely miss it
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">18:59:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> but it's the separate story
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">19:00:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed: </span><span class="cmdline">Next meeting: Dec 19, 2018</span>
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">19:00:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Thanks everyone!
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">19:00:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> And sorry if it was too long
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">19:00:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mcirioli&gt;</span> thanks @oleg-nenashev!
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">19:00:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
<!--
     FILE ARCHIVED ON 22:00:26 Oct 27, 2021 AND RETRIEVED FROM THE
     INTERNET ARCHIVE ON 15:07:57 Nov 09, 2022.
     JAVASCRIPT APPENDED BY WAYBACK MACHINE, COPYRIGHT INTERNET ARCHIVE.

     ALL OTHER CONTENT MAY ALSO BE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT (17 U.S.C.
     SECTION 108(a)(3)).
-->
<!--
playback timings (ms):
  captures_list: 149.252
  exclusion.robots: 0.088
  exclusion.robots.policy: 0.08
  RedisCDXSource: 6.797
  esindex: 0.009
  LoadShardBlock: 122.138 (3)
  PetaboxLoader3.datanode: 137.802 (4)
  CDXLines.iter: 17.293 (3)
  load_resource: 115.637
  PetaboxLoader3.resolve: 52.499
-->