========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by rtyler at 18:01:03 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2017/jenkins-meeting.2017-07-19-18.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Last meeting actions  (rtyler, 18:01:19)

* LTS status check  (rtyler, 18:02:24)
  * ACTION: kohsuke, please release 2.60.2  (ogondza, 18:09:07)

* Deprecate "jenkins" official docker image (that we don't control) and
  "jenkinsci/*" and start deploying our own stuff under "jenkins/*"
  (rtyler, 18:09:41)
  * http://hub.docker.com/_/jenkins  (rtyler, 18:10:17)
  * AGREED: no objections to noting the "jenkins" official image as
    deprecated  (rtyler, 18:20:29)
  * ACTION: rtyler to work with ndeloof on communicating the deprecation
    of the "jenkins" image  (rtyler, 18:21:32)
  * AGREED: we will start double-publishing key images for jenkinsci/
    and jenkins/ orgs on dockerhub  (rtyler, 18:24:09)
  * ACTION: ndeloof to raise the topic of moving/deprecating the
    jenkinsci org on DockerHub in 6 months or so  (rtyler, 18:24:31)
  * LINK: https://hub.docker.com/r/jenkins/jnlp-slave/   (ndeloof,
    18:25:12)
  * LINK: https://hub.docker.com/r/jenkins/ssh-slave/   (ndeloof,
    18:25:20)
  * ACTION: rtyler to map all ther existing jenkinsci users over to the
    jenkins org  (rtyler, 18:25:38)

* Next meeting  (rtyler, 18:26:43)
  * Next meeting August 2nd, 18:00 UTC  (rtyler, 18:27:30)

Meeting ended at 18:27:32 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* kohsuke, please release 2.60.2
* rtyler to work with ndeloof on communicating the deprecation of the
  "jenkins" image
* ndeloof to raise the topic of moving/deprecating the jenkinsci org on
  DockerHub in 6 months or so
* rtyler to map all ther existing jenkinsci users over to the jenkins
  org




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* kohsuke
  * kohsuke, please release 2.60.2
* ndeloof
  * rtyler to work with ndeloof on communicating the deprecation of the
    "jenkins" image
  * ndeloof to raise the topic of moving/deprecating the jenkinsci org
    on DockerHub in 6 months or so
* rtyler
  * rtyler to work with ndeloof on communicating the deprecation of the
    "jenkins" image
  * rtyler to map all ther existing jenkinsci users over to the jenkins
    org
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (57)
* ndeloof (47)
* oleg-nenashev (23)
* kohsuke (14)
* ogondza (11)
* robobutler (2)
* hare_brain (0)
* danielbeck (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
