========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:05 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2017/jenkins-meeting.2017-03-01-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Recap last meeting's actiona  (rtyler, 18:00:36)
  * LINK: https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/INFRA-1085 FWIW  (rtyler,
    18:02:54)

* LTS status check  (rtyler, 18:03:34)
  * ACTION: kohsuke please push 2.32.3  (ogondza, 18:05:26)

* Pick a new LTS baseline  (rtyler, 18:06:29)
  * LINK: https://jenkins.io/changelog/   (rtyler, 18:06:33)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/compare/jenkins-2.47...jenkins-2.48
    has nothing but URL changes  (danielbeck, 18:12:46)
  *
    https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/compare/jenkins-2.46...jenkins-2.47
    (jglick, 18:15:53)
  * AGREED: 2.46 is the next LTS baseline  (danielbeck, 18:19:04)

* The future of the patron program  (rtyler, 18:19:46)
  * : https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/-FwdQ-nw7Mc
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:20:06)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to provide treasury numbers for 2015 and 2016
    (rtyler, 18:34:25)
  * ACTION: danielbeck to drive the patron program discussion further on
    the dev list for now  (rtyler, 18:36:18)

* Obtain clearance on trademark usage "CloudBees Jenkins X"  (rtyler,
  18:36:36)
  * kohsuke's original trademark grant proposal
    https://gist.github.com/kohsuke/573cb5620fcc25c9e5c0  (rtyler,
    18:37:10)
  * the meeting where we discussed it
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2014/jenkins.2014-11-26-19.13.log.html#l-66
    (rtyler, 18:37:29)
  * and of course the wiki page covering current usages
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Approved+Trademark+Usage
    (rtyler, 18:37:44)
  * the proposal is then to loosen the restriction on approved trademark
    usage for "CloudBees Jenkins $X" with no allowance for bare
    "CloudBees Jenkins"  (rtyler, 18:41:24)
  * ACTION: rtyler to come up with a more concrete proposal based on
    this meeting's feedback  (rtyler, 18:49:10)

* GSoC 2017 update  (rtyler, 18:50:31)
  * Jenkins project has NOT been accepted to GSoC 2017. We are waiting
    for the feedback from Google about the decision reasons
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:50:42)
  * After dozens of emails and blog posts we got 3 project ideas
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:51:27)
  * ACTION: oleg-nenashev to write the proposals  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:56:39)

* Next meeting  (rtyler, 18:57:54)

Meeting ended at 18:58:25 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* kohsuke please push 2.32.3
* kohsuke to provide treasury numbers for 2015 and 2016
* danielbeck to drive the patron program discussion further on the dev
  list for now
* rtyler to come up with a more concrete proposal based on this
  meeting's feedback
* oleg-nenashev to write the proposals




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* danielbeck
  * danielbeck to drive the patron program discussion further on the dev
    list for now
* kohsuke
  * kohsuke please push 2.32.3
  * kohsuke to provide treasury numbers for 2015 and 2016
* oleg-nenashev
  * oleg-nenashev to write the proposals
* rtyler
  * rtyler to come up with a more concrete proposal based on this
    meeting's feedback
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (97)
* danielbeck (51)
* oleg-nenashev (48)
* kohsuke (25)
* ogondza (16)
* jglick (11)
* alyssat_ (11)
* teilo (5)
* robobutler (2)
* hare_brain (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
