========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by danielbeck at 18:00:21 UTC. The full logs are
available at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2017/jenkins-meeting.2017-02-01-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* ACTION: Recap last meeting's actions  (danielbeck, 18:00:59)
* Recap last meeting's actions  (danielbeck, 18:01:06)

* LTS Status check  (danielbeck, 18:02:03)

* GSoC update  (danielbeck, 18:04:09)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/cPN7IZHGDWE
    (danielbeck, 18:05:23)
  *
    https://docs.google.com/document/d/13mkt5DBjVAnr7dSiJ0oO4R5-nn80kGQ5OFhBoUzInIU/edit#heading=h.w10hxu7oxi77
    (danielbeck, 18:05:48)

* Infrastructure update  (danielbeck, 18:07:27)

* Request for 50 private repos in the jenkinsci-cert GitHub org (1200
  USD/year, up from 20 repos for 600 USD/year)  (danielbeck, 18:08:41)

* next meeting  (danielbeck, 18:17:05)

Meeting ended at 18:17:35 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* Recap last meeting's actions




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * Recap last meeting's actions




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* danielbeck (51)
* orrc (7)
* ogondza (3)
* robobutler (2)
* alyssat (1)
* rtyler (0)
* kohsuke (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
