<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head><script src="//archive.org/includes/analytics.js?v=cf34f82" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">window.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded',function(){var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app213.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=4736;archive_analytics.send_pageview({});});</script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/bundle-playback.js?v=MzYkZ0TU" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/wombat.js?v=UHAOicsW" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
  __wm.init("https://web.archive.org/web");
  __wm.wombat("http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2020/jenkins-meeting.2020-04-08-18.03.log.html","20211027213435","https://web.archive.org/","web","/_static/",
	      "1635370475");
</script>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/banner-styles.css?v=S1zqJCYt" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/iconochive.css?v=qtvMKcIJ" />
<!-- End Wayback Rewrite JS Include -->

<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:03:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:03:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:04:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Jenkins Roadmap updates</span>
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:04:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Jenkins public roadmap JEP is published: https://github.com/jenkinsci/jep/tree/master/jep/14</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:04:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Slide-O-Mix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> Just want to mention what an awesome job you've done on the roadmap stuff, it looks really good
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:04:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Roadmap draft: https://jenkins.io/project/roadmap/</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:04:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Slide-O-Mix:</span> thanks! A lot to add there though
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:05:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Slide-O-Mix&gt;</span> It's a great start and looks really nice. Your work is MUCH appreciated!
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:05:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> One bleeding weakness of the roadmap is a shallow "Jenkins jobs and integrations" category. Which is basically "Features for Jenkins end users"
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:06:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> If there is any SIG which have items for this category, it would be awesome. I am going to submit a few proposals to the developer mailing list soon
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:07:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> E.g., for [in]sanity check: (1) Tekton Pipelines support in Jenkins, (2) Container Steps support - native container steps without running Pipelines inside them
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:08:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Slide-O-Mix:</span> thanks for your feedback, much appreciated! I am also looking for a BDFL delegate for JEP-14. Would you be interested?
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:08:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Slide-O-Mix&gt;</span> I am not super up on the JEP process, so I am not sure what I would need to do, but I can review and be happy to help out in whatever way I can
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:09:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> I agree with slide that the roadmap is a great step forward.
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:09:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> It is probably a case when we need a board member as a BDFL delegate
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:09:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Slide-O-Mix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> I am more than happy to help out
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:09:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">oleg_nenashev to follow-up with Slide-O-Mix about being the JEP-14 delegate</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:10:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Roadmap discussion in the Documentation SIG: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-docs/5kcPM82fn8Y</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:10:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> ^ we encourage all SIGs and subprojects to start such discussions
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:11:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Slide-O-Mix markyjackson markewaite while we are here, are there any items you would like to add to "Future"?
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:12:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> Platform SIG will review roadmap topics tomorrow in meeting.  Docs SIG is trying a different approach with trying condorcet style voting on proposals.
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:12:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Slide-O-Mix&gt;</span> I can't think of anything right now
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:12:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markyjackson&gt;</span> Nothing from me
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:12:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I think we should start official roadmap meetings soon as JEP-14 suggests, but it would be great to start discussing it earlier
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:12:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Speaking of that, what if we convert the next Governance meeting into a roadmap meeting?
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:12:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Slide-O-Mix&gt;</span> I think for future, maybe Jenkins 3.0? ;) jk
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:13:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> .... or at least dedicate a chunk of time to that
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:13:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Slide-O-Mix:</span>  I am happy to discuss Jenkins 3.0, especially if we could break it down to some stories/area we would like to achieve
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:14:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> Yes, let's dedicate a significant portion of next governance meeting to roadmap.
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:14:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Slide-O-Mix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> I think for me, a big Jenkins 3.0 thing would be remove deprecated stuff and clean things up
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:14:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Slide-O-Mix&gt;</span> Sounds good to me
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:14:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Not to even mention finding contributors to make it happen
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:14:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Slide-O-Mix&gt;</span> ja
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:14:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">we will use the next Governance meeting as a venue for the roadmap meeting as specified in JEP-14</span>
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:15:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Do we want to do it in a chat? Or a recordedcall?
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:15:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Slide-O-Mix&gt;</span> I think audio/video would be good
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:15:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I am ready to try it. The chat format is not very popular
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:16:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> markewaite markyjackson  wdyt?
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:16:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markyjackson&gt;</span> Count me in
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:16:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> Recorded call is better for me.  I'm "in".
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:17:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">Next Jenkins Governance Meeting will be held as a recorded video call. We will still do meeting notes</span>
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:17:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Slide-O-Mix&gt;</span> sounds good
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:17:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> OK, let's move on then. Thanks all for your feedback!
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:17:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Event updates</span>
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:17:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markyjackson&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:18:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We are starting a series of Jenkins Online Meetups, and we are looking for speakers!</span>
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:18:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Main theme for April/May - Jenkins in Kubernetes. First meetup: https://www.meetup.com/Jenkins-online-meetup/events/269888701/</span>
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:18:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Thanks to markyjackson for stepping up!
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:19:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Slide-O-Mix&gt;</span> That sounds awesome!
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:19:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markyjackson&gt;</span> Most welcome!
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:19:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I have 4 extra meetups in my pipeline now
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:19:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markyjackson&gt;</span> Wow!
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:20:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> With JAMs being impacted by COVID-19, this is something we could do to promote Jenkins. I will be sending announcements to JAM organizers one I have documentation about our online meetup platform
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:20:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> Docs SIG would like to add a roadmap item "Jenkins in Kubernetes".  Initially create a solutions page on jenkins.io, link to webinar recordings, etc.  Ultimately evolve to deeper docs
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:21:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Currently we use CDF Zoom, and this is a big deal right now. My action item is to check our limits
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:21:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markyjackson&gt;</span> I would love to help there @markewaite
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:21:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> It is probable that we are limited to 100 users, and markyjackson is too popular to be limited by such small number
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:22:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markyjackson&gt;</span> Haha
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:22:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Also on my plate
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:22:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markyjackson&gt;</span> I have a paid zoom account we can use which has a 500 user limit if that helps
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:22:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">markyjackson:</span> great option as a plan B
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:23:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> CDF Zoom is a pain anyways
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:23:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> waiting for a dedicated Zoom account for Jenkins, tracymiranda and alyssat_ are on it
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:23:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markyjackson&gt;</span> Nice!
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:24:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> so let's see
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:24:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Any questions or other topics?
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:24:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">markewaite:</span> Thanks for the docs SIG update by the way
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:25:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Everybody, get ready to our pings about documentation and blogposts about K8s :)
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:25:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> And anything else actually
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:25:43 </span><span class="nka">* markyjackson</span> <span class="ac">can’t wait</span>
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:25:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> :+1
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:25:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Next meeting</span>
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:26:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> As usual?
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:26:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Slide-O-Mix&gt;</span> Yes, sounds good
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:26:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> It would be April 22, 6PM UTC
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:26:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Next meeting - April 22, 6PM UTC . We will be doing a video call!</span>
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:26:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Thanks Slide-O-Mix markyjackson markewaite  !
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:27:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
<!--
     FILE ARCHIVED ON 21:34:35 Oct 27, 2021 AND RETRIEVED FROM THE
     INTERNET ARCHIVE ON 15:00:02 Nov 09, 2022.
     JAVASCRIPT APPENDED BY WAYBACK MACHINE, COPYRIGHT INTERNET ARCHIVE.

     ALL OTHER CONTENT MAY ALSO BE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT (17 U.S.C.
     SECTION 108(a)(3)).
-->
<!--
playback timings (ms):
  captures_list: 4645.943
  exclusion.robots: 0.103
  exclusion.robots.policy: 0.096
  cdx.remote: 0.061
  esindex: 0.009
  LoadShardBlock: 42.895 (3)
  PetaboxLoader3.datanode: 65.156 (4)
  CDXLines.iter: 26.941 (3)
  load_resource: 77.729
  PetaboxLoader3.resolve: 34.486
-->