========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by rtyler at 19:00:18 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-02-17-19.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Recap last meeting's actions  (rtyler, 19:00:40)
  * last meeting actions
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-02-03-19.00.html
    (rtyler, 19:02:43)

* LTS status check  (rtyler, 19:05:22)
  * we're post-poning release by one week  (rtyler, 19:06:13)
  * new LTS date is planned for 2016-02-24  (rtyler, 19:07:25)
  * https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-32985  (danielbeck,
    19:07:50)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to post 1.642.2 RC2  (kohsuke, 19:09:52)
  * ACTION: ogondza to push the rc  (ogondza, 19:10:20)

* Jenkins Certification updaet and trademark approval request  (rtyler,
  19:11:53)
  * https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Jenkins+Certification
    (rtyler, 19:11:58)
  * Certification Advisory Board details:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Jenkins+Certification#JenkinsCertification-AdvisoryBoard
    (rtyler, 19:15:25)
  * the two derivative marks CloudBees is seeking to use are: "Jenkins
    Certification" to refer to the Jenkins open source related
    certification program, and "Certified Jenkins Engineer" to be used
    to reference practitioners who successfully complete the open-source
    related exam  (rtyler, 19:27:21)
  *
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Document#GovernanceDocument-Trademark
    (rtyler, 19:28:29)
  * ACTION: rtyler to put more clear definition into the size and scope
    of the certification advisory board  (rtyler, 19:50:02)
  * ACTION: rtyler to add more tangible benefits for the Jenkins project
    to the certification page  (rtyler, 19:50:27)
  * ACTION: rtyler to harass kohsuke on what kind of revenue or other
    benefits we can bring back into the Jenkins project from
    certification  (rtyler, 19:51:55)

* New team lead positions: Events and Release  (rtyler, 19:58:25)
  *
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Proposal+-+Project+sub-teams
    (rtyler, 19:58:34)
  * https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Team+Leads  (rtyler,
    19:58:38)
  * ACTION: rtyler to send call for candidates out for Events team lead
    (rtyler, 20:02:45)
  *
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Team+Leads#TeamLeads-Release
    (rtyler, 20:03:11)

* Google Summer of Code 2016 application process  (rtyler, 20:07:45)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/vTxsCLk1XS0
    (oleg-nenashev, 20:07:55)
  *
    https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dv9UXyT_FPukJXrBYauIKvxrZeEU6BT7v90LSQX36MU/edit#
    (oleg-nenashev, 20:08:04)
  *
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Google+Summer+Of+Code+2016
    (oleg-nenashev, 20:08:16)
  * the project application deadline is this friday (Feb 19th)  (rtyler,
    20:08:24)

* clarify that plugins available through the update center are required
  to have their source code canonical repository hosted under the
  Jenkinsci GitHub organization  (rtyler, 20:11:58)
  * "The Jenkins project does not host closed-source plugins"
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Hosting+Plugins
    (batmat, 20:25:01)
  * ACTION: batmat and abayer to try to extract a coherent proposal
    based on today's IRC discussions and prior mailing list thread
    comments  (rtyler, 20:30:02)

* next meeting  (rtyler, 20:31:20)
  * next meeting is March 2nd, same time  (kohsuke, 20:32:57)

Meeting ended at 20:33:02 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* kohsuke to post 1.642.2 RC2
* ogondza to push the rc
* rtyler to put more clear definition into the size and scope of the
  certification advisory board
* rtyler to add more tangible benefits for the Jenkins project to the
  certification page
* rtyler to harass kohsuke on what kind of revenue or other benefits we
  can bring back into the Jenkins project from certification
* rtyler to send call for candidates out for Events team lead
* batmat and abayer to try to extract a coherent proposal based on
  today's IRC discussions and prior mailing list thread comments




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* abayer
  * batmat and abayer to try to extract a coherent proposal based on
    today's IRC discussions and prior mailing list thread comments
* batmat
  * batmat and abayer to try to extract a coherent proposal based on
    today's IRC discussions and prior mailing list thread comments
* kohsuke
  * kohsuke to post 1.642.2 RC2
  * rtyler to harass kohsuke on what kind of revenue or other benefits
    we can bring back into the Jenkins project from certification
* ogondza
  * ogondza to push the rc
* rtyler
  * rtyler to put more clear definition into the size and scope of the
    certification advisory board
  * rtyler to add more tangible benefits for the Jenkins project to the
    certification page
  * rtyler to harass kohsuke on what kind of revenue or other benefits
    we can bring back into the Jenkins project from certification
  * rtyler to send call for candidates out for Events team lead
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (148)
* kohsuke (44)
* batmat (43)
* KostyaSha (39)
* oleg-nenashev (36)
* orrc (29)
* autojack (22)
* abayer (15)
* danielbeck (13)
* ogondza (9)
* alyssat (6)
* hare_brain (5)
* heidig__ (3)
* robobutler (2)
* jglick (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
