========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by danielbeck at 19:01:28 UTC. The full logs are
available at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-01-06-19.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Recap last meeting's actions  (danielbeck, 19:02:08)
  *
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2015/jenkins-meeting.2015-12-09-19.01.html
    (danielbeck, 19:02:22)
  * Governance document
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Document
    (rtyler, 19:03:21)
  * Board election process
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Board+Election+Process
    (rtyler, 19:03:39)
  * Code of Conduct
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Code+of+Conduct
    (rtyler, 19:04:30)

* LTS status check - discuss baseline change  (danielbeck, 19:05:46)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/K06ny0sozWM
    (danielbeck, 19:05:55)
  * LINK:
    https://jenkins.ci.cloudbees.com/job/core/job/acceptance-test-harness-stable-1.642/1/console
    (ogondza, 19:07:38)
  * LINK: https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/tree/stable-1.636 but not
    found for 1.642?  (batmat, 19:07:38)
  * LINK:
    https://jenkins.ci.cloudbees.com/job/core/job/acceptance-test-harness-stable/549/console
    (ogondza, 19:07:42)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/compare/jenkins-1.642...jenkinsci:jenkins-1.643
    FWIW  (batmat, 19:16:04)
  * AGREED: let's move the LTS baseline to 1.642  (danielbeck, 19:21:19)
  * ACTION: ogondza to prepare the branch and inform KK that we need an
    RC  (danielbeck, 19:21:43)

* Q1 Patron messages approval  (danielbeck, 19:22:56)
  * https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/8  (danielbeck, 19:23:02)
  *
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Patron+of+Jenkins+program
    "Format of the patron message" paragraph 2 is the guidelines
    (danielbeck, 19:28:15)
  * AGREED: Q1 patron messages are approved, JFrog needs to have 'Only'
    removed from title  (danielbeck, 19:30:54)

* Review/adopt a Code of Conduct  (danielbeck, 19:31:42)

* Q1 Patron messages approval  (danielbeck, 19:31:54)

* Review/adopt a Code of Conduct  (danielbeck, 19:34:12)
  * Code of Conduct document here
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Code+of+Conduct
    (rtyler, 19:34:14)
  * the only differences to the document from last meeting
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/pages/diffpagesbyversion.action?pageId=84705386&selectedPageVersions=15&selectedPageVersions=13
    (rtyler, 19:34:26)
  * AGREED: the current version (v15) of the Code of Conduct document is
    approved  (rtyler, 19:43:55)
  * ACTION: rtyler to work to duplicate the CoC under
    jenkins-ci.org/conduct similar to golang.org/conduct  (rtyler,
    19:44:32)

* Discuss requiring pull requests for all non-release-process changes to
  core/master  (danielbeck, 19:46:26)

* Review/adopt a Code of Conduct  (danielbeck, 19:47:42)
  * for the current topic:
    https://groups.google.com/d/topic/jenkinsci-dev/d64UIypbzh0/discussion
    (orrc, 19:49:19)

* Discuss requiring pull requests for all non-release-process changes to
  core/master  (danielbeck, 19:49:43)
  *
    https://groups.google.com/d/topic/jenkinsci-dev/d64UIypbzh0/discussion
    (danielbeck, 19:49:52)
  * GitHub allows enforcing this via a concept called Protected Branches
    https://help.github.com/articles/defining-the-mergeability-of-pull-requests/
    (rtyler, 19:51:28)
  * https://help.github.com/articles/about-protected-branches/
    (danielbeck, 19:58:25)
  * LINK: https://help.github.com/articles/about-protected-branches/
    (teilo, 20:01:09)
  * ACTION: orrc to draft a proposal on the PR requirement  (danielbeck,
    20:06:58)

* Spam problems on wiki and possible solutions  (rtyler, 20:07:15)
  * rtyler formally recognizes larrys for his valor in the Great Spam
    Wars  (rtyler, 20:08:14)
  * confluence upgrade is tracked
    https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/INFRA-325  (rtyler, 20:09:28)
  * AGREED: account app to restricting signup to one email == one
    account  (rtyler, 20:13:35)

* next meeting  (danielbeck, 20:14:36)

Meeting ended at 20:15:13 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* ogondza to prepare the branch and inform KK that we need an RC
* rtyler to work to duplicate the CoC under jenkins-ci.org/conduct
  similar to golang.org/conduct
* orrc to draft a proposal on the PR requirement




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* ogondza
  * ogondza to prepare the branch and inform KK that we need an RC
* orrc
  * orrc to draft a proposal on the PR requirement
* rtyler
  * rtyler to work to duplicate the CoC under jenkins-ci.org/conduct
    similar to golang.org/conduct
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (96)
* danielbeck (96)
* oleg-nenashev (33)
* KostyaSha (31)
* teilo (31)
* orrc (29)
* batmat (22)
* ogondza (17)
* larrys (17)
* jglick (5)
* alyssat (4)
* abayer (4)
* robobutler (2)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
