18:00:06 <rtyler> #startmeeting
18:00:06 <robobutler> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
18:00:10 <rtyler> #chairs danielbeck hare_brain kohsuke rtyler
18:00:19 <rtyler> every time
18:00:23 <rtyler> #chair danielbeck hare_brain kohsuke rtyler
18:00:23 <robobutler> Current chairs: danielbeck hare_brain kohsuke rtyler
18:00:24 <kohsuke> Yay
18:00:48 <rtyler> #info agenda https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda#GovernanceMeetingAgenda-June22meeting
18:00:53 <rtyler> #topic last meeting actions
18:01:01 <hare_brain> I'm in the middle of a production firedrill so not really paying attention here today.
18:01:05 <rtyler> rgr
18:01:12 <kohsuke> good luck!
18:01:26 <rtyler> ogondza likely isn't going to be here either, but he mentioned on the mailing list that the RC for the next LTS should be ready to go
18:01:31 <rtyler> see the dev list for more info there
18:01:46 <rtyler> danielbeck has prepared the new patron messages for approval, we'll get to that later
18:02:10 <rtyler> and batmat and I did discuss some usage statistics/census concerns that danielbeck had last meeting, which we'll also revisit later
18:02:16 <rtyler> that's it for our outstanding action items though
18:02:29 <rtyler> #topic LTS status check
18:02:39 <kohsuke> I guess we just did that
18:02:49 <rtyler> I was going to add some things
18:03:05 <rtyler> #info JENKINS-35641 and JENKINS-34923 were not backported according to oliver, he wishes for them to have more soak-time
18:03:27 <rtyler> #info at ogondza's next available time, he intends to cut the first new LTS RC
18:03:33 <oleg-nenashev> The LTS backports LGTM
18:03:37 <rtyler> any questions or other discussion items we have here?
18:04:17 <kohsuke> nope
18:04:22 * rtyler waits patiently
18:04:33 <rtyler> #topic GSoC status check
18:04:36 <rtyler> oleg-nenashev: all yours
18:04:58 <oleg-nenashev> #info Tomorrow we have mid-term presentations by students: https://jenkins.io/blog/2016/06/21/gsoc-midterm-presentations-ann/
18:05:24 <oleg-nenashev> #info: 4 projects will be presented. We have 2 meetings on June 23 and June 24
18:05:52 <oleg-nenashev> No other major updates right now
18:06:06 <kohsuke> Is it fair to say you are looking for people there to send more love to students?
18:06:35 <rtyler> what does that even mean
18:06:43 <oleg-nenashev> #info Mid-term evaluation deadline is June 27. And yes, we are looking for more participants from the developer community
18:06:46 <kohsuke> encouragement, praise, appreciation, etc
18:07:24 <rtyler> oleg-nenashev: anything else?
18:07:31 <oleg-nenashev> no from my side
18:07:37 <rtyler> alrighty
18:07:39 <oleg-nenashev> Are there any other updates?
18:08:31 <oleg-nenashev> 3
18:08:32 <oleg-nenashev> 2
18:08:34 <oleg-nenashev> 1
18:08:36 <oleg-nenashev> 0
18:08:41 <rtyler> #topic Security officer update
18:09:00 <rtyler> danielbeck: isn't really here to give much of an update, but I asked him earlier, outside of the security advisory from earlier this week there's nothing to report
18:09:15 <rtyler> #topic Events officer update
18:09:19 <rtyler> alyssat: you're up
18:09:38 <alyssat> 1)	Jenkins World planning is in full swing. Agenda has been posted
18:09:48 <alyssat> #info Jenkins World Agenda: https://www.cloudbees.com/juc/agenda
18:10:04 <alyssat> 2)	There are currently 135 registrations.
18:10:18 <alyssat> 3)	We are also planning a Contributor Hackathon for Sept 16 & 17
18:10:34 <alyssat> 4)	At the conference there will be Ask the Experts booth â€“ I have about 14 folks to man this booth. Not all will be at the booth at the same time, of course. But if anyone wants to connect w/ the attendees and provide Jenkins support to attendees, pls let me know.
18:10:35 <oleg-nenashev> nice
18:11:01 <oleg-nenashev> Will we have more space at the booth this time?
18:11:05 <alyssat> 5) a contributor/JAM leader appreciation evening is also being planned for Sept 13
18:11:22 <oleg-nenashev> JUC London was really crowded on breaks
18:11:41 <alyssat> JUC Israel is currently sold out
18:12:09 * kohsuke tests lag
18:12:19 <alyssat> JAM activities is going well. JAM Paris was created this morning
18:12:44 <alyssat> I think those are the high lights
18:12:54 <oleg-nenashev> JAM Belarus has been created yesterday
18:13:06 <alyssat> sweet
18:13:11 <rtyler> alyssat: see oleg-nenashev's question?
18:13:30 <oleg-nenashev> Outside the common org. Maybe alyssat wants to negotiate with KostyaSha on it
18:13:47 <alyssat> ah! yes! we'll have a much bigger space this time
18:13:52 <oleg-nenashev> yey
18:14:48 <alyssat> oleg-nenashev: what did you want me to negotiate w/ KostyaSha about? was it JAM Belarus?
18:14:57 <oleg-nenashev> yep
18:15:00 <rtyler> #info There will be a Contributor Summit at Jenkins World on tuesday the 13th
18:15:18 <rtyler> that will follow a similar pattern to the previous Contributor Summits we have had at FOSDEM, etc
18:15:27 <alyssat> oleg-nenashev: we can chat more off line
18:15:40 <rtyler> any other events things to discuss/update?
18:15:41 <oleg-nenashev> agreed
18:15:50 <oleg-nenashev> I have another minor update. Jenkins community has been in http://2016.secr.ru/lang/en/ - one of the biggest software conferences in Russia.
18:16:04 <rtyler> neet
18:16:11 <oleg-nenashev> #action: oleg-nenashev to follow-up on SECR in the mailing list
18:16:28 <oleg-nenashev> * has been invited to participate
18:16:34 <oleg-nenashev> Sorry for confusion
18:17:07 <rtyler> alyssat: that it?
18:17:17 <alyssat> we should get the meetup page for the Contributor Summit up shortly
18:17:26 <oleg-nenashev> cool
18:17:27 * rtyler nods
18:17:28 <alyssat> this it
18:17:32 <oleg-nenashev> And for hackaton?
18:17:52 <kohsuke> that one is not ready yet
18:17:56 <rtyler> I think we'll need to manage that outside of meetup.com to be honest
18:18:04 <oleg-nenashev> okay, makes sense
18:18:07 <alyssat> the hackathon is for those who attended the fosdem summit
18:18:18 <rtyler> since CloudBees was going to fund some lodging and foodstuffs, the inaccurate RSVP counts for meetup can be a problem
18:18:29 <rtyler> but still much to be decided there
18:18:48 <rtyler> moving on
18:18:51 <rtyler> #topic Release officer update
18:18:59 <rtyler> ogondza is not here, so no updates here
18:19:02 <rtyler> #topic Infra status update
18:19:15 * rtyler pulls out his spiral notebook
18:19:24 <rtyler> #infra JIRA has been upgraded to JIRA 7
18:19:25 <rtyler> er
18:19:31 <rtyler> #info JIRA has been upgraded to JIRA7
18:19:45 <rtyler> this makes all our softwares more agile, or something :)
18:19:52 <kohsuke> much fall out from that
18:20:01 <rtyler> an unintended side-effect of this was that the SOAP API was nuked in JIRA7
18:20:02 <oleg-nenashev> Requires some fixes
18:20:11 <rtyler> and I wasn't previously aware of how much relied on that SOAP API
18:20:18 <rtyler> which had been deprecated in JIRA 5 iirc
18:20:20 * rtyler sighs
18:20:33 * oleg-nenashev is working on IRC bot fixes
18:20:41 <rtyler> \o/
18:20:51 <kohsuke> I've updated lib-jira-api so hopefully it'd be useful
18:21:11 <kohsuke> It took me a while to assemble the right dependencies. Atlassian's own documentation is outdated.
18:21:18 <rtyler> I'm not sure what's depending on that, but from what  Ican tell the services that interact with JIRA are:
18:21:21 <rtyler> accounts app
18:21:21 <rtyler> ircbot
18:21:23 <oleg-nenashev> abayer also fixed some stuff on this front
18:21:26 <rtyler> some release process
18:21:30 <rtyler> I thnk that might be it
18:21:34 <kohsuke> #info https://github.com/jenkinsci/lib-jira-api
18:21:43 <rtyler> OH, the SCM linker bot thing, which runs on a kohsuke machine somewhere
18:21:48 <oleg-nenashev> #info https://github.com/jenkins-infra/ircbot/pull/29
18:21:49 <danielbeck> is the account app fixed? The account sync thing?
18:21:52 <rtyler> there's an old SPoF ticket somewhere in the backlog associated with that
18:21:55 <rtyler> danielbeck: yes
18:22:13 <oleg-nenashev> We have a problem with JIRA Scraper
18:22:20 <kohsuke> OK, thanks for that heads up rtyler
18:22:24 <kohsuke> I'll fix that one
18:22:27 <oleg-nenashev> It also uses some old Atlassian libs
18:22:33 <kohsuke> What's JIRA scraper?
18:22:49 <oleg-nenashev> #info https://github.com/jenkinsci/lib-jira-scraper
18:22:58 <kohsuke> ah
18:23:02 <oleg-nenashev> REST Client for particular JIRA commands
18:23:28 <oleg-nenashev> The libs beneath are not compatible with modern atlassian libs. Reworking it in IRCBot
18:23:31 <rtyler> suffice it to say, there's still some legacy messiness which the JIRA7 upgrade uncovered, which is still being fixed
18:23:38 * rtyler continues with his update
18:23:49 <rtyler> #info we have Azure
18:23:56 <oleg-nenashev> \o/
18:24:01 <kohsuke> (with all that said, congrats to update of JIRA)
18:24:12 <rtyler> since the last meeting the actual credentials/API tokens for the Jenkins project have been 'delivered' which means we can start spinning up infrastructure on azure
18:24:23 <danielbeck> \o/
18:24:27 <rtyler> my working document for migration is here: https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/infra/Azure+Migration+Project+Plan
18:24:40 <rtyler> I haven't had the time to work on it for the past week or two unfortunately
18:24:43 <danielbeck> #info https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Azure+Migration+Project+Plan
18:24:48 <danielbeck> (infra wiki is restricted)
18:24:49 <rtyler> er, whoops
18:24:54 <rtyler> that page was moved anyways
18:25:00 <rtyler> stupid autocomplete in my browser :)
18:25:23 <oleg-nenashev> Do we have an EPIC for this plan?
18:25:32 <oleg-nenashev> maybe too early
18:25:34 <rtyler> no
18:25:38 <rtyler> I think it's probably too early really
18:25:52 * oleg-nenashev agrees
18:25:52 <rtyler> I have some basics of /what/ needs to be done, not quite scoped out enough on /how/
18:26:15 <rtyler> the first 'thing' that azure is likely going to resolve thouhg, is this ticket about windows agents for ci.jenkins.io https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/INFRA-606
18:26:29 <oleg-nenashev> No wonder
18:26:43 <rtyler> because hey why not :)
18:26:47 <oleg-nenashev> Good start with this document in any case. thumbs up
18:27:11 <rtyler> if there are any volunteers who want to start researching terraform (https://terraform.io) and azure integration with me, I would appreciate any help
18:27:23 <rtyler> that's about it for my update, any questions before we move on?
18:27:46 * batmat is pondering that
18:27:59 <kohsuke> terraform is bit painful to be used by a team due to lack of state sharing
18:28:19 <kohsuke> ... unless we also use their state sharing service (atlas?)
18:28:37 <rtyler> define state sharing
18:28:48 <kohsuke> I can take this off-meeting with you
18:28:49 <rtyler> also, are you volunteering to help research the viability here
18:28:59 <rtyler> or just throwing opinions out there?: P
18:29:11 <kohsuke> I'm sharing my experience of using it
18:29:50 <rtyler> the high level requirement is that resources (load balancers, machines, databases, etc) will need to be managed more explicitly then they are now if we're to be successful on Azure
18:30:07 <rtyler> terraform is one potential possibility there, as is "out of the box" Azure Resource Manager templates
18:30:40 <rtyler> (i'm sure there are other lolzy options too)
18:30:58 <rtyler> but anyways, plenty to be discussed in #jenkins-infra or the mailing lists on this front
18:31:08 * rtyler continues through the agenda
18:31:30 <rtyler> #topic Licensing and unrestricted access of Usage Statistics (aka "census data")
18:31:39 <rtyler> we discussed this last meeting, but unfortunately batmat wasn't here
18:32:01 <rtyler> and there were some additional questions by danielbeck which needed to be answered before we move forward
18:32:27 <rtyler> batmat: I hope you're awake now! :)
18:32:50 <danielbeck> #info http://lists.jenkins-ci.org/pipermail/jenkins-infra/2016-June/000770.html and the thread preceding it
18:32:51 <batmat> I was awake last time too! just not in front of the computer :)
18:33:05 <rtyler> heh
18:33:25 <batmat> to sum up, all this originally comes from JENKINS-26466
18:33:34 <danielbeck> https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-26466
18:33:40 <batmat> hence trying to extract things from the core, here node_monitors
18:33:47 <rtyler> I unforrunately haven't had a chance to respond to your email here batmat, i'm still believing that we have a semaphore here where only one side can go
18:34:27 <batmat> cf. an older thread abt it, where jglick (among more people) both encouraged going forward with it, and advised abt that design
18:35:11 <kohsuke> Extension point to allow arbitrary plugins to submit arbitrary data looks risky
18:35:11 <batmat> well, I guess I'm not gonna revamp what's the in email above... Already explained I guess. Prolly simpler to answer possible questions here?
18:35:15 <batmat> if there ar
18:35:18 <batmat> *are
18:35:47 <batmat> kohsuke: well, as I say, some plugin *already* do. Just outside that channel
18:35:57 <rtyler> frankly, any form of uncontrolled usage statistics reporting presents potential issues for infrastructure where that data is being reported
18:36:10 <rtyler> in addition to the data security questions
18:36:25 <batmat> obviously
18:36:25 <rtyler> batmat: I'm less concerned with plugins reporting data to wherever they want outside of projcet infra
18:36:50 <rtyler> that doesn't have the potential to corrupt usage stats or explode our disk usage requirements
18:36:57 <batmat> Well, I'm not that attached to JENKINS-32485
18:36:59 <danielbeck> FWIW we're already well into "can browsers actually handle it?" URL length with existing usage stats
18:37:09 <batmat> it was just a way to decouple things for 26466
18:37:09 <rtyler> heh
18:37:16 <danielbeck> So we may need to look into a different submission mechanism sooner than later
18:37:33 <rtyler> so here's what I think can move us forward
18:37:38 <danielbeck> (For reference, it's a GET request with a giant query string)
18:37:46 <batmat> Because extension points are the standard to inverse control in Jenkins...
18:38:12 <rtyler> the original agenda item, as I had proposed it was to both license the data and remove access controls
18:38:48 <rtyler> it's clear to me that it's time to revisit the design and implementation of usage statistics reporting, but I'm not sure I want to tie these two things together
18:39:15 <danielbeck> what about "only one side can go"?
18:39:21 <rtyler> I think batmat's changes are in the right direction there, but without the corresponding design changes on stats submission, and infra requirements, that work (IMHO) cannot be successfully merged
18:40:05 <rtyler> danielbeck: that's where I'm getting to ;)
18:40:14 <danielbeck> k
18:41:17 <rtyler> my proposal is that we license census data under the Open Database license (http://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/1.0/) and based on the census data being reported by Jenkins instances right now, remove access control for census data, subject to revisions on handling the newer goals/requirements for usage stats submission by batmat
18:41:49 <rtyler> (for example, we could just create a separate 'channel' for these "untrusted" usage stats, and restrict access there at a future date)
18:43:38 <kohsuke> FTR I still think it's a bad idea to allow plugins to report arbitrary data to usage stats. We can't stop plugins from doing that through other means but we shouldn't endorse that.
18:43:56 <kohsuke> The node_monitor split into plugin can be solved without opening it up to everyone
18:44:23 <kohsuke> And I'm +1 on licensing census data & remove access control
18:44:28 <rtyler> that aspect of the discussion is why I'm trying to separate these two a bit
18:44:48 <danielbeck> kohsuke At least by going that way we can encourage plugins to respect the usage stats opt-out. Which at least one currently doesnt'.
18:44:50 <rtyler> I wish to tackle the data we have, not the data we may have :p
18:45:22 <danielbeck> My concern is that this will result in an insurmountable obstacle to implementing extensible usage stats and we then don't get it
18:46:10 <rtyler> I am already a fairly insurmountable obstacle to extensible usage stats submission :p
18:46:13 <danielbeck> if we're open to, once other concerns there have been addressed, again revoke access to stats data to pave the way, that would be fine
18:46:31 <kohsuke> Are there other use cases for "extensible usage stats"?
18:46:36 <rtyler> I'm open to restricting *other* data sets
18:46:49 <rtyler> danielbeck: my hope is that we can start thinking about this as layered datasets
18:46:53 <rtyler> instead of a single big bucket of data
18:47:10 <batmat> kohsuke: WDYM? other use cases?
18:47:21 <rtyler> this perceived conflict is really only an issue if we cannot stratify our usage stats datasets
18:47:40 <batmat> kohsuke: some plugins are already reporting stats outside that channel, so there are definitely use case for user stats
18:47:43 <kohsuke> batmat: I understood yours well, which is a desire to split node monitors into a plugin
18:48:21 <batmat> kohsuke: as danielbeck said too, this would also help respect the opt-in/opt-out choice, and streamline all
18:48:29 <kohsuke> I've also come across one plugin in that past that uses Google analytics to track who's using it, and I thought that was problematic. That's what I think of when I think of "extensible usage stats"
18:49:10 <kohsuke> Anyway, I think I'm getting off topic
18:49:30 <batmat> kohsuke: maybe it's still the same one, but there's definitely at least one doing that now. Anyway, I'm not that much all for it
18:49:32 <kohsuke> I think rtyler is trying to narrow this down to the current usage stats data set to make a progress
18:49:41 * rtyler nods
18:49:52 <rtyler> I live in the present ;)
18:49:54 <batmat> I agree we need to think about the whole to accept different data on the collection side
18:50:40 <rtyler> batmat: so are you okay with my proposal on licensing and access control on our existing dataset, and the action item to evaluate new datasets differently as necessary?
18:52:01 <rtyler> anybody else care about this? :P
18:52:02 <batmat> not sure I get what that means globally, but I think yeah. I think I'm gonna close that PR for now, since I've been working on it for too long and it's best to just forget about it until we decide we want to tackle that subject. And try maybe to attack JENKINS-26466 another way.
18:52:41 <batmat> copy/pasta was one way... But we chose to try and avoid it :)
18:52:41 <rtyler> batmat: I would want to be involved in any future design discussions about usage stats that would be reported into project infra
18:52:51 <rtyler> danielbeck: your thoughts?
18:53:35 <danielbeck> still not sure it's worth it to open up stats
18:53:52 <rtyler> well then let's turn this off
18:54:01 <danielbeck> haven't seen one concrete use of it (besides Payal's project I suppose)
18:54:17 <rtyler> domi's original stats.jenkins-ci.org work was based on census data access
18:54:21 * batmat would then like to have opinions on how to decouple the current cycles in the code for JENKINS-26466 ;)
18:54:35 <rtyler> we cannot expect to see interesting hacks or visualizations on the data otherwise
18:54:36 <kohsuke> vivekp's extension point & implementation analysis is another, right?
18:54:43 * rtyler nods
18:55:07 <kohsuke> And if anything I thought the motivation was it's easier to open it up than lock it down & access control
18:55:08 <danielbeck> haven't seen any results from that. It's not on stats.j.o
18:55:24 <rtyler> kohsuke: correct
18:55:34 <rtyler> also, closed stats is antithetical to what we should be doing imho
18:55:45 <kohsuke> so to me the question is "is it worth closing down stats"
18:55:56 <danielbeck> they're already closed.
18:56:20 <kohsuke> somewhat half-heartedly
18:56:43 * rtyler looks at the time
18:56:51 <kohsuke> is your concern that there might be undesirable data leak?
18:56:52 <danielbeck> and since I haven't seen a single use of the stats from anyone who isn't a contributor to Jenkins and would have got personal access by asking us, I wonder what the point is
18:57:15 <rtyler> the easiest access control is no access control
18:57:51 <danielbeck> which raises the bar for stats extensibility for no tangible benefit
18:58:05 <rtyler> well, I give up for today
18:58:07 <danielbeck> so if I'm the only critical one, so be it
18:58:08 <kohsuke> rtyler: I think we need to have further discussions on this
18:58:13 <rtyler> if we're going to shut down stats, then everybody can lose access
18:58:28 <danielbeck> I don't think this needs to be unanimous, so you can probably go ahead.
18:58:32 <rtyler> or somebody can propose an actual non-stupid access control policy that isn't just a "gotta-know-somebody-to-get-it"
18:58:47 <rtyler> I just don't understand your objections
18:59:24 <kohsuke> let's get to patron message approval and we can talk more about this outside the meeting
18:59:37 <kohsuke> I don't think there's urgency on deciding this today
18:59:39 <batmat> rtyler: maybe one way to go forward /a bit?/ abt it is to ask plugins devs?
18:59:53 <rtyler> #topic Approval of new Q3 patron messages
19:00:11 <batmat> that would make it for today, and next time we might have some feedback abt devs expectations abt it
19:00:15 <danielbeck> Q3 is upon us, and we have some minor message updates from the patrons
19:00:16 * batmat is done on that
19:00:18 <danielbeck> #info https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/12#issuecomment-227803082
19:00:44 <danielbeck> The first commit was already approved two weeks ago, now we have changes for the CloudBees and JFrog messages
19:00:54 <rtyler> the messages look fine to me
19:00:56 <danielbeck> https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/12/commits/876d31c50f186082ad41210bee55e8ecdd45d8b1 and https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/12/commits/5ac2ffb196892dcac8c8d884c42df00e15e66fc1
19:01:11 <danielbeck> The tester links are up to date with these changes, so you can click the links in the newest comment
19:01:46 <alyssat> in the last approval process for JFrog we had issues w/ "The Only..." this can be removed
19:02:01 <kohsuke> LGTM
19:02:43 <danielbeck> anyone concerned about one or both of these message updates?
19:02:53 <kohsuke> "Free 30 day trial" does feel more advertisement-ish than other typical patron messages, but that's already approved in the previous meeting
19:03:10 * rtyler shrugs
19:03:32 * rtyler looks around for concerns
19:04:03 <kohsuke> going going ..
19:04:17 <kohsuke> gone!
19:04:23 <danielbeck> #agreed Patron message changes are approved
19:04:25 <rtyler> HEH
19:04:29 <rtyler> er, nocaps
19:04:34 <rtyler> #topic next meeting
19:04:41 <rtyler> July 6th looks like our next scheduled meeting
19:04:49 <rtyler> any issues with that?
19:05:01 * batmat is OK
19:05:02 <kohsuke> see you then!
19:05:05 <alyssat> works for me
19:05:09 <rtyler> #info July 6 next meeting
19:05:11 <rtyler> #endmeeting