========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:12 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Last meeting actions  (rtyler, 18:00:46)
  * LINK:
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-11-09-18.01.html
    (rtyler, 18:00:56)

* Revival of the Klocwork plugin  (rtyler, 18:02:08)

* LTS base line selection  (rtyler, 18:02:26)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to cut 2.19.4 release  (rtyler, 18:02:55)
  * https://jenkins.io/changelog/  (ogondza, 18:03:12)
  * ACTION: ogondza to prepare next stable branch based on 2.32
    (ogondza, 18:07:00)
  * AGREED: 2.32 is the next LTS baseline  (danielbeck, 18:08:54)

* Revival of the Klocwork plugin (for real this time)  (rtyler,
  18:09:03)
  *
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!search/klocwork/jenkinsci-dev/U7SFVsjsHHQ/cA8SlsTgBQAJ
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:09:13)
  * AGREED: oleg-nenashev's proposal for reviving Klocwork plugin under
    the jenkinsci organization  (rtyler, 18:15:26)
  * ACTION: danielbeck to reach out to gboissinot one more time
    (rtyler, 18:15:37)
  * ACTION: oleg-nenashev to help jacob get jenkinsci/klocwork-plugin
    revived and in releasable shape  (rtyler, 18:15:57)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to grant write permissions to Jacob
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:16:04)
  * ACTION: : oleg_nenashev to write to Thales  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:16:34)

* GSoC2017 sync-up  (rtyler, 18:17:02)
  * ACTION: rtyler to set up a December GSoC2016 retrospective
    discussion with mentors and org admins  (rtyler, 18:25:11)
  * ACTION: rtyler to help find new gsoc org admins for 2017  (rtyler,
    18:25:38)

* Azure migration / Infrastructure update  (rtyler, 18:26:11)
  * ci.jenkins.io is already using Azure-based build/test infrastructure
    (rtyler, 18:27:53)
  * currently, HTTPs debian/redhat/opensuse repositories serve their
    files via TLS-end-to-end from Azure blob storage  (rtyler, 18:33:46)
  * more questions can be asked, and maybe even answered, in
    #jenkins-infra during normal working PST hours :)  (rtyler,
    18:36:28)

* Next meeting time  (rtyler, 18:36:31)
  * next meeting dec 7th, same time  (rtyler, 18:38:34)

Meeting ended at 18:38:37 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* kohsuke to cut 2.19.4 release
* ogondza to prepare next stable branch based on 2.32
* danielbeck to reach out to gboissinot one more time
* oleg-nenashev to help jacob get jenkinsci/klocwork-plugin revived and
  in releasable shape
* oleg_nenashev to grant write permissions to Jacob
* : oleg_nenashev to write to Thales
* rtyler to set up a December GSoC2016 retrospective discussion with
  mentors and org admins
* rtyler to help find new gsoc org admins for 2017




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* danielbeck
  * danielbeck to reach out to gboissinot one more time
* kohsuke
  * kohsuke to cut 2.19.4 release
* ogondza
  * ogondza to prepare next stable branch based on 2.32
* oleg-nenashev
  * oleg-nenashev to help jacob get jenkinsci/klocwork-plugin revived
    and in releasable shape
* rtyler
  * rtyler to set up a December GSoC2016 retrospective discussion with
    mentors and org admins
  * rtyler to help find new gsoc org admins for 2017
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * oleg_nenashev to grant write permissions to Jacob
  * : oleg_nenashev to write to Thales




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (94)
* oleg-nenashev (52)
* danielbeck (23)
* kohsuke (8)
* ogondza (7)
* robobutler (2)
* hare_brain (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
