<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head><script src="//archive.org/includes/analytics.js?v=cf34f82" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">window.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded',function(){var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app204.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=6285;archive_analytics.send_pageview({});});</script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/bundle-playback.js?v=MzYkZ0TU" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/wombat.js?v=UHAOicsW" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
  __wm.init("https://web.archive.org/web");
  __wm.wombat("http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-07-20-18.00.html","20211020080917","https://web.archive.org/","web","/_static/",
	      "1634717357");
</script>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/banner-styles.css?v=S1zqJCYt" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/iconochive.css?v=qtvMKcIJ" />
<!-- End Wayback Rewrite JS Include -->

<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:20 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-07-20-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Recap last meeting's actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-07-20-18.00.log.html#l-7">rtyler</a>, 18:00:47)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-07-06-18.00.html</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-07-20-18.00.log.html#l-9">kohsuke</a>,
    18:01:09)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-07-20-18.00.log.html#l-17">rtyler</a>, 18:02:59)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ogondza push
    LTS rc 2.7.2</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-07-20-18.00.log.html#l-27">ogondza</a>,
    18:04:38)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GSoc status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-07-20-18.00.log.html#l-30">rtyler</a>, 18:05:07)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">I've contacted Google regarding paypents, we
    should get everything from SPI</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-07-20-18.00.log.html#l-35">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:06:17)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">: GSoC Mentor Summit candidates: lanwen,
    oleg-nenashev and rtyler</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-07-20-18.00.log.html#l-36">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:06:50)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">:
    oleg-nenashev to syncup with rtyler on GSoC mentor summit (he was on
    vacation)</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-07-20-18.00.log.html#l-37">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:07:19)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Other stuff is in progress, final evaluation
    meetings will be scheduled on the next week</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-07-20-18.00.log.html#l-39">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:08:02)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Obtain permission to post Jenkins World banner on issues.jenkins-ci.org and wiki.jenkins-ci.org</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-07-20-18.00.log.html#l-44">rtyler</a>, 18:09:51)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">some Jenkins
    World banners on wiki/issues are kosher</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-07-20-18.00.log.html#l-72">rtyler</a>,
    18:19:11)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    work with alyssat to get proper images squared away in Confluence
    and JIRA</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-07-20-18.00.log.html#l-74">rtyler</a>,
    18:19:29)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-07-20-18.00.log.html#l-75">rtyler</a>, 18:19:38)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">next meeting august 3rd</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-07-20-18.00.log.html#l-81">rtyler</a>,
    18:21:10)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:21:14 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2016-07-20-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>ogondza push LTS rc 2.7.2</li>
  <li>: oleg-nenashev to syncup with rtyler on GSoC mentor summit (he was on vacation)</li>
  <li>rtyler to work with alyssat to get proper images squared away in Confluence and JIRA</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> alyssat <ol>
    <li>rtyler to work with alyssat to get proper images squared away in Confluence and JIRA</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> ogondza <ol>
    <li>ogondza push LTS rc 2.7.2</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> oleg-nenashev <ol>
    <li>: oleg-nenashev to syncup with rtyler on GSoC mentor summit (he was on vacation)</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rtyler <ol>
    <li>: oleg-nenashev to syncup with rtyler on GSoC mentor summit (he was on vacation)</li>
    <li>rtyler to work with alyssat to get proper images squared away in Confluence and JIRA</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (38)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (12)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (9)</li>
  <li>alyssat (7)</li>
  <li>jieryn (6)</li>
  <li>ogondza (6)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>orrc (2)</li>
  <li>hare_brain (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="https://web.archive.org/web/20211020080917/http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
<!--
     FILE ARCHIVED ON 08:09:17 Oct 20, 2021 AND RETRIEVED FROM THE
     INTERNET ARCHIVE ON 15:41:43 Nov 09, 2022.
     JAVASCRIPT APPENDED BY WAYBACK MACHINE, COPYRIGHT INTERNET ARCHIVE.

     ALL OTHER CONTENT MAY ALSO BE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT (17 U.S.C.
     SECTION 108(a)(3)).
-->
<!--
playback timings (ms):
  captures_list: 5641.068
  exclusion.robots: 0.1
  exclusion.robots.policy: 0.092
  cdx.remote: 0.072
  esindex: 0.01
  LoadShardBlock: 619.386 (3)
  PetaboxLoader3.datanode: 865.919 (4)
  CDXLines.iter: 16.611 (3)
  load_resource: 638.992
  PetaboxLoader3.resolve: 296.767
-->