========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by rtyler at 18:03:28 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-12-07-18.03.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Last meeting actions  (rtyler, 18:03:38)
  * LINK:
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-11-23-18.00.html
    (rtyler, 18:03:52)

* LTS status check  (rtyler, 18:07:26)
  * the branch has been created  (rtyler, 18:07:37)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/compare/master...stable-2.32
    (rtyler, 18:07:43)
  * ACTION: danielbe_ to email dev list cc ogondza re 2 week delay for
    .2 due to holidays  (danielbe_, 18:12:29)

* JDK8 as baseline, with the timeline proposed by Oliver  (rtyler,
  18:13:10)
  * LINK:
    https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-dev/fo5nKLhZK5U/IRJdMeS6CgAJ
    (rtyler, 18:13:14)
  * ACTION: teilo to help clarify what blocks windows development of
    Jenkins on JDK8  (rtyler, 18:20:46)
  * ACTION: batmat to figure out whether teilo's concerns block moving
    forward with a gaining consensus on ogondza's JRE8 plan and moving
    forward  (rtyler, 18:23:18)

* LTS status chcek  (rtyler, 18:23:22)

* LTS status check  (rtyler, 18:23:25)
  * ACTION: danielbe_ to update LTS calendar for 2 week delay
    (danielbe_, 18:32:53)
  * ACTION: ogondza postpone .2 RC by 2 weeks  (ogondza, 18:38:46)
  * ACTION: ogondza postpone .2 RC by 2 weeks (all future dates
    postposed accordingly)  (danielbe_, 18:39:14)

* New Security Officer Announcement  (rtyler, 18:41:37)

* Next meeting  (rtyler, 18:43:07)
  * Next meeting Dec 21st  (rtyler, 18:45:35)

Meeting ended at 18:45:37 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* danielbe_ to email dev list cc ogondza re 2 week delay for .2 due to
  holidays
* teilo to help clarify what blocks windows development of Jenkins on
  JDK8
* batmat to figure out whether teilo's concerns block moving forward
  with a gaining consensus on ogondza's JRE8 plan and moving forward
* danielbe_ to update LTS calendar for 2 week delay
* ogondza postpone .2 RC by 2 weeks
* ogondza postpone .2 RC by 2 weeks (all future dates postposed
  accordingly)




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* batmat
  * batmat to figure out whether teilo's concerns block moving forward
    with a gaining consensus on ogondza's JRE8 plan and moving forward
* danielbe_
  * danielbe_ to email dev list cc ogondza re 2 week delay for .2 due to
    holidays
  * danielbe_ to update LTS calendar for 2 week delay
* ogondza
  * danielbe_ to email dev list cc ogondza re 2 week delay for .2 due to
    holidays
  * batmat to figure out whether teilo's concerns block moving forward
    with a gaining consensus on ogondza's JRE8 plan and moving forward
  * ogondza postpone .2 RC by 2 weeks
  * ogondza postpone .2 RC by 2 weeks (all future dates postposed
    accordingly)
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * teilo to help clarify what blocks windows development of Jenkins on
    JDK8




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (69)
* danielbe_ (55)
* ogondza (24)
* jglick (17)
* batmat (4)
* recena (3)
* robobutler (2)
* kohsuke (2)
* hare_brain_ (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
