========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:51 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-09-28-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Recap last meeting actions  (rtyler, 18:00:59)
  * LINK:
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.html
    (rtyler, 18:01:28)
  * LINK:
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-08-31-18.00.html
    (rtyler, 18:07:15)
  * ACTION: batmat to remind mentors to provide feedback to start a GSoC
    retrospective process  (rtyler, 18:11:10)
  * ACTION: oleg-nenashev to prepare a list of delivery destinations and
    what swag needs to be sent to GSoC students for alyssat  (rtyler,
    18:12:42)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev and batmat to follow-up on the old
    retrospective and feedback collection AI  (oleg-nenashev_, 18:12:43)

* LTS status check  (rtyler, 18:12:59)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to write a final blogpost about GSoC
    (oleg-nenashev_, 18:13:06)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to release 2.19.1  (ogondza, 18:13:54)

* Discuss name use for Jenkins-LSCI (Life Science Continuous Integration
  (rtyler, 18:14:44)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-users/hP8uwU0y8K4
    (rtyler, 18:14:54)
  *
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Document#GovernanceDocument-Trademark
    (rtyler, 18:15:07)
  * AGREED: the Jenkins for Life Sciences Continuous Integration use is
    acceptable  (rtyler, 18:19:37)
  * ACTION: danielbeck to record on wiki  (danielbeck, 18:19:46)

* Patron messages  (rtyler, 18:28:41)

* Next meeting  (rtyler, 18:33:36)

Meeting ended at 18:34:45 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* batmat to remind mentors to provide feedback to start a GSoC
  retrospective process
* oleg-nenashev to prepare a list of delivery destinations and what swag
  needs to be sent to GSoC students for alyssat
* oleg_nenashev and batmat to follow-up on the old retrospective and
  feedback collection AI
* oleg_nenashev to write a final blogpost about GSoC
* kohsuke to release 2.19.1
* danielbeck to record on wiki




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* alyssat
  * oleg-nenashev to prepare a list of delivery destinations and what
    swag needs to be sent to GSoC students for alyssat
* batmat
  * batmat to remind mentors to provide feedback to start a GSoC
    retrospective process
  * oleg_nenashev and batmat to follow-up on the old retrospective and
    feedback collection AI
* danielbeck
  * danielbeck to record on wiki
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * oleg_nenashev to write a final blogpost about GSoC
  * kohsuke to release 2.19.1




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (53)
* oleg-nenashev_ (24)
* danielbeck (19)
* imouts (17)
* batmat (14)
* alyssat (7)
* ogondza (6)
* robobutler (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
