========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by rtyler at 18:01:30 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-08-03-18.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Recap last meeting's actions  (rtyler, 18:01:44)

* LTS status check  (rtyler, 18:04:24)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to post 2.7.2  (danielbeck, 18:05:40)

* GSoC status update  (rtyler, 18:08:11)
  * We are going to conduct GSoC final eval presentations on August 25,
    6PM UTC  (oleg-nenashev, 18:08:46)
  * danielbeck helps with Web UI project, so it effectively has 3-4
    mentors right now  (oleg-nenashev, 18:09:43)
  * : External Workspace Manager beta release should arrive soon
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:10:20)
  * alexsomai will be at Jenkins World with lightning talk, everything
    is booked  (oleg-nenashev, 18:10:48)
  * ACTION: : oleg_nenashev to schedule the Online Meetup to Aug 25
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:12:12)

* Next meeting  (rtyler, 18:14:09)
  * Next meeting August 17th  (rtyler, 18:14:39)

Meeting ended at 18:15:00 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* kohsuke to post 2.7.2
* : oleg_nenashev to schedule the Online Meetup to Aug 25




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* kohsuke
  * kohsuke to post 2.7.2
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * : oleg_nenashev to schedule the Online Meetup to Aug 25




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (30)
* oleg-nenashev (14)
* danielbeck (5)
* ogondza (4)
* alyssat (3)
* batmat (3)
* robobutler (2)
* hare_brain (0)
* kohsuke (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
