========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by danielbeck at 18:01:23 UTC. The full logs are
available at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-12-21-18.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Recap last meeting's actions  (danielbeck, 18:01:47)

* LTS status check  (danielbeck, 18:03:30)

* FOSDEM 2017 Plans  (danielbeck, 18:04:36)
  * https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/FOSDEM+2017
    (danielbeck, 18:04:45)
  * :
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
    (alyssat, 18:04:57)
  * LINK: https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/FOSDEM+2017
    (alyssat, 18:05:20)
  * join the #jenins-community channel to discuss more FOSDEM planning
    or events@lists.jenkins-ci.org  (rtyler, 18:17:08)

* Infra update  (rtyler, 18:17:14)
  * LINK: https://github.com/jenkins-infra/iep   (rtyler, 18:18:28)

* JDK8 baseline upgrade followup  (rtyler, 18:20:07)
  * LINK:
    https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-dev/fo5nKLhZK5U/IRJdMeS6CgAJ
    (rtyler, 18:20:14)
  * LINK:
    https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-dev/fo5nKLhZK5U/uh3IK_fzEAAJ
    (rtyler, 18:20:27)

* Next meeting  (rtyler, 18:35:15)
  * next meeting january 4th, same time, same place, new year  (rtyler,
    18:36:06)

Meeting ended at 18:36:13 UTC.




Action Items
------------





Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (50)
* alyssat (22)
* batmat (15)
* danielbeck (13)
* kohsuke (10)
* ogondza (7)
* oleg-nenashev (4)
* robobutler (2)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
