========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:20 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-07-20-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Recap last meeting's actions  (rtyler, 18:00:47)
  *
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-07-06-18.00.html
    (kohsuke, 18:01:09)

* LTS status check  (rtyler, 18:02:59)
  * ACTION: ogondza push LTS rc 2.7.2  (ogondza, 18:04:38)

* GSoc status check  (rtyler, 18:05:07)
  * I've contacted Google regarding paypents, we should get everything
    from SPI  (oleg-nenashev, 18:06:17)
  * : GSoC Mentor Summit candidates: lanwen, oleg-nenashev and rtyler
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:06:50)
  * ACTION: : oleg-nenashev to syncup with rtyler on GSoC mentor summit
    (he was on vacation)  (oleg-nenashev, 18:07:19)
  * Other stuff is in progress, final evaluation meetings will be
    scheduled on the next week  (oleg-nenashev, 18:08:02)

* Obtain permission to post Jenkins World banner on
  issues.jenkins-ci.org and wiki.jenkins-ci.org  (rtyler, 18:09:51)
  * AGREED: some Jenkins World banners on wiki/issues are kosher
    (rtyler, 18:19:11)
  * ACTION: rtyler to work with alyssat to get proper images squared
    away in Confluence and JIRA  (rtyler, 18:19:29)

* Next meeting  (rtyler, 18:19:38)
  * next meeting august 3rd  (rtyler, 18:21:10)

Meeting ended at 18:21:14 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* ogondza push LTS rc 2.7.2
* : oleg-nenashev to syncup with rtyler on GSoC mentor summit (he was on
  vacation)
* rtyler to work with alyssat to get proper images squared away in
  Confluence and JIRA




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* alyssat
  * rtyler to work with alyssat to get proper images squared away in
    Confluence and JIRA
* ogondza
  * ogondza push LTS rc 2.7.2
* oleg-nenashev
  * : oleg-nenashev to syncup with rtyler on GSoC mentor summit (he was
    on vacation)
* rtyler
  * : oleg-nenashev to syncup with rtyler on GSoC mentor summit (he was
    on vacation)
  * rtyler to work with alyssat to get proper images squared away in
    Confluence and JIRA
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (38)
* kohsuke (12)
* oleg-nenashev (9)
* alyssat (7)
* jieryn (6)
* ogondza (6)
* robobutler (2)
* orrc (2)
* hare_brain (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
