========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:06 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-06-22-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* agenda
  https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda#GovernanceMeetingAgenda-June22meeting
  (rtyler, 18:00:48)
* last meeting actions  (rtyler, 18:00:53)

* LTS status check  (rtyler, 18:02:29)
  * JENKINS-35641 and JENKINS-34923 were not backported according to
    oliver, he wishes for them to have more soak-time  (rtyler,
    18:03:05)
  * at ogondza's next available time, he intends to cut the first new
    LTS RC  (rtyler, 18:03:27)

* GSoC status check  (rtyler, 18:04:33)
  * Tomorrow we have mid-term presentations by students:
    https://jenkins.io/blog/2016/06/21/gsoc-midterm-presentations-ann/
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:04:58)
  * : 4 projects will be presented. We have 2 meetings on June 23 and
    June 24  (oleg-nenashev, 18:05:24)
  * Mid-term evaluation deadline is June 27. And yes, we are looking for
    more participants from the developer community  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:06:43)

* Security officer update  (rtyler, 18:08:41)

* Events officer update  (rtyler, 18:09:15)
  * Jenkins World Agenda: https://www.cloudbees.com/juc/agenda
    (alyssat, 18:09:48)
  * There will be a Contributor Summit at Jenkins World on tuesday the
    13th  (rtyler, 18:15:00)
  * ACTION: : oleg-nenashev to follow-up on SECR in the mailing list
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:16:11)

* Release officer update  (rtyler, 18:18:51)

* Infra status update  (rtyler, 18:19:02)
  * JIRA has been upgraded to JIRA7  (rtyler, 18:19:31)
  * https://github.com/jenkinsci/lib-jira-api  (kohsuke, 18:21:34)
  * https://github.com/jenkins-infra/ircbot/pull/29  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:21:48)
  * https://github.com/jenkinsci/lib-jira-scraper  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:22:49)
  * we have Azure  (rtyler, 18:23:49)
  *
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Azure+Migration+Project+Plan
    (danielbeck, 18:24:43)

* Licensing and unrestricted access of Usage Statistics (aka "census
  data")  (rtyler, 18:31:30)
  *
    http://lists.jenkins-ci.org/pipermail/jenkins-infra/2016-June/000770.html
    and the thread preceding it  (danielbeck, 18:32:50)
  * LINK: https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-26466
    (danielbeck, 18:33:34)

* Approval of new Q3 patron messages  (rtyler, 18:59:53)
  * https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/12#issuecomment-227803082
    (danielbeck, 19:00:18)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/12/commits/876d31c50f186082ad41210bee55e8ecdd45d8b1
    and
    https://github.com/jenkinsci/patron/pull/12/commits/5ac2ffb196892dcac8c8d884c42df00e15e66fc1
    (danielbeck, 19:00:56)
  * AGREED: Patron message changes are approved  (danielbeck, 19:04:23)

* next meeting  (rtyler, 19:04:34)
  * July 6 next meeting  (rtyler, 19:05:09)

Meeting ended at 19:05:11 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* : oleg-nenashev to follow-up on SECR in the mailing list




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* oleg-nenashev
  * : oleg-nenashev to follow-up on SECR in the mailing list
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (137)
* kohsuke (43)
* oleg-nenashev (41)
* danielbeck (29)
* batmat (25)
* alyssat (18)
* robobutler (2)
* hare_brain (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
