========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by kohsuke at 18:00:11 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-07-06-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* actions from the last meeting  (kohsuke, 18:00:50)

* LTS status check  (kohsuke, 18:04:02)
  * AGREED: 2.7.1 is good to go  (kohsuke, 18:05:20)

* GSoC status  (kohsuke, 18:07:11)
  * : We finished Mid-term evaluations of students  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:07:35)
  * : 3 Projects have been cancelled: Support Core, Plugin Documentation
    Publishing, Jenkins Usage Stats analysis  (oleg-nenashev, 18:07:35)
  * : 2 projects are active: Jenkins Web UI improvements and External
    Workspace Manager  (oleg-nenashev, 18:07:35)
  * : Links to mid-term presentations by students are here:
    https://jenkins.io/blog/2016/06/21/gsoc-midterm-presentations-ann/
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:07:35)
  * ACTION: : oleg_nenashev to follow-up with mentors on JW
    presentations and Mentor Summit  (oleg-nenashev, 18:07:35)
  * ACTION: : oleg_nenashev to follow-up with rtyler on the SPI side
    (project money)  (oleg-nenashev, 18:07:35)
  * ACTION: : oleg_nenashevto finally send something to alyssat
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:07:36)
  * : We changed the schedule of Public Office Hours, TBA today
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:08:34)

* next meeting  (kohsuke, 18:15:11)
  * ACTION: : oleg_nenashev to schedule the GSoC retrospective
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:15:26)
  * next meeting will be July 20th  (kohsuke, 18:15:29)

Meeting ended at 18:15:49 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* : oleg_nenashev to follow-up with mentors on JW presentations and
  Mentor Summit
* : oleg_nenashev to follow-up with rtyler on the SPI side (project
  money)
* : oleg_nenashevto finally send something to alyssat
* : oleg_nenashev to schedule the GSoC retrospective




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* rtyler
  * : oleg_nenashev to follow-up with rtyler on the SPI side (project
    money)
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * : oleg_nenashev to follow-up with mentors on JW presentations and
    Mentor Summit
  * : oleg_nenashevto finally send something to alyssat
  * : oleg_nenashev to schedule the GSoC retrospective




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* oleg-nenashev (34)
* kohsuke (29)
* danielbeck (9)
* ogondza (8)
* rtyler (5)
* robobutler (2)
* hare_brain (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
