================
#jenkins Meeting
================


Meeting started by kohsuke at 18:05:22 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2013/jenkins.2013-10-30-18.05.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
  (kohsuke, 18:05:48)
* LTS status  (kohsuke, 18:06:06)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/commit/f98070d3e6dabab0817f80f2526f78f61ffa1c83
    for reference.  (jglick, 18:14:48)

* name approval  (kohsuke, 18:22:39)
  * So I'm back again to get another trademark usage approval for
    "Jenkins Multi-master by CloudBees"  (kohsuke, 18:23:07)
  * LINK:
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2011/jenkins.2011-11-09-19.00.html
    (kohsuke, 18:25:47)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to set up an edit-protected Wiki page the past
    approvals  (kohsuke, 18:28:23)

* next meeting  (kohsuke, 18:33:46)

* any interest in using GerritForge?  (kohsuke, 18:36:17)
  * Luca is  interested in convincing us why we should use his new
    service GerritForge  (kohsuke, 18:36:26)
  * It wasn't GerritForge, it was GerritHub: http://gerrithub.io/
    (kohsuke, 18:38:07)
  * if people are willing to use it, it's there  (kohsuke, 18:41:19)

* JUC recap  (kohsuke, 18:41:21)
  * IDEA: for next JUC, plugin/core coding hack session with
    knowledgable mentors  (autojack, 18:47:03)
  * IDEA: for next JUC, "how do/can/should I..." Q&A with power users
    (autojack, 18:47:35)
  * IDEA: for the next JUC, consider grouping talks on functionally
    similar/identical topics into panel sessions where the speakers can
    discuss their different solutions with each other  (autojack,
    18:50:09)
  * I'm pretty sure alyssa would be more than happy to get help on talk
    scheduling  (kohsuke, 18:58:55)
  * ACTION: next year, encourage alyssa to get community input on
    scheduling talks  (kohsuke, 19:00:29)
  * LINK: http://www.meetup.com/jenkinsmeetup/events/126595572/
    (kohsuke, 19:02:40)

* meeting time  (kohsuke, 19:10:30)
  * AGREED: next meeting will be in  Nov 13th  (kohsuke, 19:10:48)

Meeting ended at 19:11:01 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* kohsuke to set up an edit-protected Wiki page the past approvals
* next year, encourage alyssa to get community input on scheduling talks




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* kohsuke
  * kohsuke to set up an edit-protected Wiki page the past approvals
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * next year, encourage alyssa to get community input on scheduling
    talks




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* kohsuke (114)
* autojack (50)
* jglick (35)
* hare_brain (29)
* kpfleming (9)
* eric_n_dfw (8)
* ddelrio1986 (4)
* jenkins-admin (3)
* rtyler (3)
* robobutler (1)
* rsandell (1)
* jenkins-builds (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
