================
#jenkins Meeting
================


Meeting started by ogondza at 18:07:53 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2015/jenkins.2015-05-13-18.07.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
  (orrc, 18:08:03)
* #jenkins-meeting  (ogondza, 18:18:31)
  * ACTION: danielbeck file INFRA issue for #jenkins-meeting  (ogondza,
    18:23:57)

* Should we only include plugins in the Update Centre if they have a
  wiki page?  (ogondza, 18:24:47)
  *
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/jenkinsci-dev/oEHEjKo08yA/S_uQ_C_7NMQJ
    (orrc, 18:25:03)
  * ACTION: orrc to publish a pull request to be merged June 1st which
    excludes bad plugins from the UC  (orrc, 18:39:16)
  * ACTION: orrc to publish a pull request to be merged June 1st which
    excludes bad plugins from the UC  (ogondza, 18:39:35)
  * ACTION: orrc to try and make plugin-related wiki pages even more
    clear about requiring a wiki URL  (orrc, 18:40:27)
  * ACTION: add/fix wiki links where there is no doubt  (ogondza,
    18:42:36)
  * ACTION: Using a CDN with HTTPS / removing need for mirrorbrain?
    (ogondza, 18:47:03)

* Using a CDN with HTTPS / removing need for mirrorbrain?  (ogondza,
  18:47:25)
  * ACTION: rtyler to look at an initial fastly prototype  (orrc,
    18:51:43)
  * ACTION: rtyler to audit the Infra subsection of the wiki for
    sensitive material so it can be opened up more broadly  (rtyler,
    18:58:47)
  * ACTION: orrc and rtyler to create "atlassian admins" to help get
    coverage on jira/wiki  (rtyler, 19:02:16)

* Further requirements for plugins published in the community update
  center  (orrc, 19:03:27)
  * ACTION: orrc to look at the UC changes mentioned to validate <scm>
    and user info  (orrc, 19:28:53)
  * ACTION: orrc to investigate UC changes so it requires proper SCM,
    tag, and uploader  (danielbeck, 19:32:50)
  * ACTION: danielbeck to get data on necessary Github permission
    changes  (danielbeck, 19:33:14)

* next meeting  (orrc, 19:33:44)

Meeting ended at 19:34:20 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* danielbeck file INFRA issue for #jenkins-meeting
* orrc to publish a pull request to be merged June 1st which excludes
  bad plugins from the UC
* orrc to publish a pull request to be merged June 1st which excludes
  bad plugins from the UC
* orrc to try and make plugin-related wiki pages even more clear about
  requiring a wiki URL
* add/fix wiki links where there is no doubt
* Using a CDN with HTTPS / removing need for mirrorbrain?
* rtyler to look at an initial fastly prototype
* rtyler to audit the Infra subsection of the wiki for sensitive
  material so it can be opened up more broadly
* orrc and rtyler to create "atlassian admins" to help get coverage on
  jira/wiki
* orrc to look at the UC changes mentioned to validate <scm> and user
  info
* orrc to investigate UC changes so it requires proper SCM, tag, and
  uploader
* danielbeck to get data on necessary Github permission changes




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* danielbeck
  * danielbeck file INFRA issue for #jenkins-meeting
  * danielbeck to get data on necessary Github permission changes
* orrc
  * orrc to publish a pull request to be merged June 1st which excludes
    bad plugins from the UC
  * orrc to publish a pull request to be merged June 1st which excludes
    bad plugins from the UC
  * orrc to try and make plugin-related wiki pages even more clear about
    requiring a wiki URL
  * orrc and rtyler to create "atlassian admins" to help get coverage on
    jira/wiki
  * orrc to look at the UC changes mentioned to validate <scm> and user
    info
  * orrc to investigate UC changes so it requires proper SCM, tag, and
    uploader
* rtyler
  * rtyler to look at an initial fastly prototype
  * rtyler to audit the Infra subsection of the wiki for sensitive
    material so it can be opened up more broadly
  * orrc and rtyler to create "atlassian admins" to help get coverage on
    jira/wiki
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * add/fix wiki links where there is no doubt
  * Using a CDN with HTTPS / removing need for mirrorbrain?




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* orrc (105)
* danielbeck (91)
* rtyler (55)
* ogondza (39)
* batmat (13)
* jglick (11)
* jenkins-admin (7)
* ericmeds (4)
* jenkins-builds (4)
* deebo (2)
* robobutler (2)
* StuartWhelan (2)
* jmartinstw (1)
* oleg-nenashev (1)
* abayer (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
