================
#jenkins Meeting
================


Meeting started by kohsuke at 19:01:43 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2015/jenkins.2015-02-18-19.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
  (kohsuke, 19:02:05)
* Approving another batch of stickers  (kohsuke, 19:02:17)
  * LINK:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/download/attachments/2916393/superhero-all.svg
    (kohsuke, 19:04:21)
  * LINK:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/download/attachments/2916393/ninjenkins.svg
    (kohsuke, 19:04:28)
  * LINK:
    https://twitter.com/masanobuimai/status/564248061296140288/photo/1
    (kohsuke, 19:07:00)
  * LINK: https://twitter.com/masanobuimai/status/564349882190659584
    (kohsuke, 19:07:16)
  * AGREED: kohsuke will order 2000 of the standard one, 1000 each for
    super hero and Ninja (should last for 2015)  (kohsuke, 19:11:50)

* IntelliJ license  (kohsuke, 19:12:23)
  * it used to be that I applied for IntelliJ and RubyMine licenses on
    behalf of the project and handed out the licenses to those who are
    interested  (kohsuke, 19:14:58)
  * but this year I noticed that JetBrains has changed the OSS license
    terms and I no longer qualify  (kohsuke, 19:15:13)
  *
    https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/buy/choose_edition.jsp?license=OPEN_SOURCE
    (kohsuke, 19:15:37)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to write to wolfs that he is in charge for getting
    the license he wants. fall back to oleg-nenashev if that doesn't
    work  (kohsuke, 19:24:33)

* Should we have an "ops lead"? Adding more infra team members?
  Moderator teams?  (kohsuke, 19:28:28)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/046RwHh3Nko
    (kohsuke, 19:28:39)
  * the jenkins-infra team business is discussed in #jenkins-infra on
    Freenode  (rtyler, 19:45:19)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to produce a revised proposal about adding two more
    people to the board, nominating rtyler for one of them and as "infra
    focused" person  (kohsuke, 19:46:17)
  * AGREED: rtyler will schedule "knowledge transfer" of infra in the
    next month or so  (kohsuke, 19:46:57)

* Who should we reach out for JUC speakers?  (kohsuke, 19:48:58)
  * please ping kohsuke if you know anyone doing interesting things in
    this space that we should invite to JUC  (kohsuke, 20:02:00)

* LTS status check  (kohsuke, 20:02:14)

* next meeting  (kohsuke, 20:02:50)
  * Next meeting will be March 4th same time  (kohsuke, 20:03:11)

Meeting ended at 20:03:38 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* kohsuke to write to wolfs that he is in charge for getting the license
  he wants. fall back to oleg-nenashev if that doesn't work
* kohsuke to produce a revised proposal about adding two more people to
  the board, nominating rtyler for one of them and as "infra focused"
  person




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* kohsuke
  * kohsuke to write to wolfs that he is in charge for getting the
    license he wants. fall back to oleg-nenashev if that doesn't work
  * kohsuke to produce a revised proposal about adding two more people
    to the board, nominating rtyler for one of them and as "infra
    focused" person
* oleg-nenashev
  * kohsuke to write to wolfs that he is in charge for getting the
    license he wants. fall back to oleg-nenashev if that doesn't work
* rtyler
  * kohsuke to produce a revised proposal about adding two more people
    to the board, nominating rtyler for one of them and as "infra
    focused" person
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* kohsuke (124)
* KostyaSha (38)
* rtyler (35)
* oleg-nenashev (25)
* batmat (16)
* integer` (12)
* irf (10)
* sean_abbott (3)
* alyssa (3)
* luckysideburn (3)
* ogondza (3)
* robobutler (2)
* jenkins-admin (1)
* akkad (1)
* hare_brain (1)
* jglick (1)
* jan_n (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
