================
#jenkins Meeting
================


Meeting started by kohsuke at 18:01:25 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2014/jenkins.2014-09-03-18.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
  (kohsuke, 18:01:53)
* LTS status check  (kohsuke, 18:01:56)
  * AGREED: 1.565.2 release will happen today as planned  (kohsuke,
    18:03:07)

* How do we run the "Ask the Experts" section in JUC?  (kohsuke,
  18:04:04)
  * ACTION: Alyssa to create a wiki page for "ask the experts"
    coordination  (kohsuke, 18:12:25)
  * I'm also trying to create a feedback form:
    https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1tRerFOUu4tOFG1KjmYENVZuXdLAc6r79Wl-qh36K5Bc/viewform?usp=send_form
    (kohsuke, 18:13:10)
  * 3D Mr.Jenkins figure will be on display in that room  (kohsuke,
    18:21:26)

* Decision on implementingÂ Browser Compatibility Matrix  (kohsuke,
  18:21:41)
  * LINK:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Browser+Compatibility+Matrix
    (danielbeck, 18:21:46)
  * ACTION: tfennelly to write a blog post announcing this new
    compatibility matrix  (kohsuke, 18:34:32)
  * AGREED:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Browser+Compatibility+Matrix
    is adopted  (kohsuke, 18:35:27)

* 2014 JIRA Components Refactoring  (kohsuke, 18:36:14)
  * LINK:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/2014+JIRA+Components+Refactoring
    (danielbeck, 18:36:18)
  * LINK:
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/jenkinsci-dev/luOqm4Qj4sc/aGK4JDvJRmQJ
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:36:34)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to integrate INFRA-100 and ping oleg-nenashev
    (kohsuke, 18:44:25)
  * ACTION: tfennelly to file a ticket to INFRA about "is it possible to
    config the help text in JIRA i.e. put something on the component
    selection field to indicate how component name and label are to be
    used?"  (kohsuke, 18:47:40)
  * ACTION: tfennelly to not just file a ticket but write such
    JavaScript  (kohsuke, 18:48:05)
  * LINK:
    https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/secure/ShowConstantsHelp.jspa?decorator=popup#StatusTypes
    (danielbeck, 18:58:13)

* next meeting  (kohsuke, 19:02:27)
  * Next meeting will be Sep 17th same time  (kohsuke, 19:02:48)

Meeting ended at 19:03:04 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* Alyssa to create a wiki page for "ask the experts" coordination
* tfennelly to write a blog post announcing this new compatibility
  matrix
* kohsuke to integrate INFRA-100 and ping oleg-nenashev
* tfennelly to file a ticket to INFRA about "is it possible to config
  the help text in JIRA i.e. put something on the component selection
  field to indicate how component name and label are to be used?"
* tfennelly to not just file a ticket but write such JavaScript




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* Alyssa
  * Alyssa to create a wiki page for "ask the experts" coordination
* kohsuke
  * kohsuke to integrate INFRA-100 and ping oleg-nenashev
* oleg-nenashev
  * kohsuke to integrate INFRA-100 and ping oleg-nenashev
* tfennelly
  * tfennelly to write a blog post announcing this new compatibility
    matrix
  * tfennelly to file a ticket to INFRA about "is it possible to config
    the help text in JIRA i.e. put something on the component selection
    field to indicate how component name and label are to be used?"
  * tfennelly to not just file a ticket but write such JavaScript
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* kohsuke (100)
* danielbeck (44)
* tfennelly (22)
* Alyssa (21)
* oleg-nenashev (20)
* jglick (20)
* nanonyme (18)
* hare_brain (10)
* ilhami3 (8)
* QuinnyPig (6)
* sujatha (3)
* jenkins-admin (2)
* fmartins (2)
* ogondza (2)
* integer` (2)
* Gnosis (1)
* robobutler (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
