19:01:09 <kohsuke> #startmeeting
19:01:09 <robobutler> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
19:01:19 <kohsuke> #chair rtyler abayer hare_brain
19:01:19 <robobutler> Current chairs: abayer hare_brain kohsuke rtyler
19:01:31 <kohsuke> #info https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
19:01:55 <kohsuke> #topic recap of actions
19:02:07 <kohsuke> https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/MEETING#selectedTab=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.project%3Aissues-panel
19:02:30 <kohsuke> let's see here
19:02:48 <kohsuke> I think I completed setting up jenkinsci-cert@googlegroups.com (MEETING-7)
19:02:52 <kohsuke> will verify and close
19:03:08 <kohsuke> #info affiliation with "FÃ¶rderung Freier Informationen und Software" is also done
19:03:22 <kohsuke> I think
19:03:44 <kohsuke> yes
19:04:01 <kohsuke> #info however, it is unclear if the tax exemption status would apply to donations from outside Germany
19:04:25 <kohsuke> #action kohsuke to update the donation page with this information
19:05:16 <kohsuke> also, unlike SPI, FFIS.de doesn't specify a fixed cut from donations
19:05:39 <kohsuke> They just told me "they'd appreciate if the project donates some of their donations to ffis [to keep ffis going]"
19:06:10 <kohsuke> so I suggest we give the same rate as SPI takes, which is 5%
19:06:33 <kohsuke> ... unless I hear any objections
19:06:52 * kohsuke looks for +1s
19:07:10 <vjuranek> +1
19:07:23 <kohsuke> thank you
19:07:24 <larrys> +1
19:07:56 <kohsuke> #agreed we'll pipe 5% of the donations via FFIS.de to running FFIS itself
19:08:31 <kohsuke> and travel grant fundraising has been started (blog post at least) / MEETING-10
19:08:45 <kohsuke> I think that's it
19:09:24 <kohsuke> I'll put SSL and domain renewal later so that I can get +1 from hare_brain
19:09:28 <kohsuke> #topic Donation status
19:10:00 <kohsuke> #info so we've "started" the donation drive 11/15 http://jenkins-ci.org/content/fundraising-travel-grant
19:10:25 <kohsuke> the goal is $2000 but so far we have $250
19:10:47 <kohsuke> I think we want to improve the visibility a bit
19:11:07 <kohsuke> so my main question is, how much would be acceptable?
19:11:22 <kohsuke> Banner on the website like we did for JUC?
19:11:44 <kohsuke> Another Wikipedia mockary?
19:12:28 <kohsuke> (although this year there's no "Personal plea from Jimmy Wales" banner on Wikipedia)
19:12:36 <LisaWells> would it make sense to put in a plug in the Jenkins Survey results to "Donate to the Jenkins Project"? maybe where we say 87% are Satisfied and 83% consider it mission-critical?
19:13:06 <kohsuke> Yeah, that could be a good tagline
19:13:15 <vjuranek> LisaWells: +1
19:13:48 <LisaWells> will do!
19:13:59 <vjuranek> but IMHO no problem ot have a banner too
19:14:04 <kohsuke> rtyler: any objection to put something like that up in http://jenkins-ci.org/, Wiki & JIRA till the year end?
19:15:04 <kohsuke> #info Parody really worked very well in the last drive, so if anyone can think of a good angle, that'd be highly appreciated
19:16:02 <kohsuke> I think I tentatively record an agreement on putting the banner up
19:16:18 <kohsuke> bit sad that there's no real quorum of people here
19:16:31 <LisaWells> maybe a blog post mentioning how the funds are used and how great Jenkins is, then we can spread to Reddit/r/jenkinsci, Dzone, & various LinkedIn groups?
19:16:31 <abayer> SOrry - running around doing work crap.
19:16:55 <kohsuke> #agreed (tentatively by default) put donation drive banner on the landing page, Wiki, and JIRA till the end of the year
19:17:13 <kohsuke> LisaWells: blog post did go up: http://jenkins-ci.org/content/fundraising-travel-grant
19:17:39 <kohsuke> ... and it's on reddit too http://www.reddit.com/r/jenkinsci/comments/139hbn/were_fundraising_for_travel_grants_for_jenkins/
19:18:10 <kohsuke> OK, moving on...
19:18:27 <kohsuke> #topic SSL renewal + domain renewal
19:19:05 <kohsuke> rtyler said the domain renewal of jenkins-ci.org is coming and he said he's going to renew that for 5 years
19:19:39 <kohsuke> SSL certificate renewal for https://jenkins-ci.org/ is also due. This one I don't know if 5 years is a good idea
19:20:53 <kohsuke> On GoDaddy (where it is currently bought from) $72/yr for 3 years and no further discount beyond
19:21:31 <kohsuke> Domain renewal is probably a lot cheaper
19:22:13 <kohsuke> probably $20-$40/yr range for jenkins-ci.org+jenkins-ci.com
19:23:26 <kohsuke> So I think the motion is to let rtyler renew domains for 5 years so that he won't forget, then SSL cert for 3 years
19:23:59 <larrys> I know we switched registars from GoDaddy for the domain a while back, were we going to switch SSL cert source too?
19:24:15 <kohsuke> I could, if it's something we really care about
19:24:32 <kohsuke> any good place to get them? we need a single cert that has multiple domain names
19:24:47 <larrys> so a wildcard one... which is probably why it is more expensive...
19:25:06 <kohsuke> "Multiple Domains UCC" is how it's written in GoDaddy
19:26:01 * kohsuke looks around a bit
19:26:51 <Vern_Burton> FYI: http://support.godaddy.com/help/article/3908/defining-a-multiple-domain-ucc-ssl-certificate
19:27:32 <kohsuke> It looks like GoDaddy is the cheapest I can find at $72/yr
19:28:28 <jaakkoo> godaddys admin console is also pretty good compared to many competitors
19:29:10 <kohsuke> there's a bit of fiasco/history between GoDaddy and some proposed US legislation unpopular among geeks
19:29:40 <Vern_Burton> Wildcard SSL under 100 - http://www.cheapssls.com/comodo-ssl-certificates/positivessl-wildcard.html
19:30:39 <kohsuke> Vern_Burton: this is wildcard as opposed to multiple domain?
19:30:41 <kohsuke> that's nice
19:31:29 <kohsuke> OK, I think we can do this
19:31:38 <Vern_Burton> and it still comes from a good CA which is also important, GoDaddy requires an intermediate cert
19:32:13 <kohsuke> #action kohsuke to renew SSL certs from http://www.cheapssls.com/comodo-ssl-certificates/positivessl-wildcard.html
19:32:41 <kohsuke> given that this is wildcard, is it a bad idea if several of our servers use the same key and the cert?
19:32:47 <kohsuke> that'd be even more saving
19:32:47 <evillyEvil> Is it possible to terminate/delete a slave from a Jenkins job
19:32:48 <evillyEvil> ?
19:33:10 <kohsuke> evillyEvil: let's postpone that question until after the end of the meeting
19:33:30 <kohsuke> I'll check with sysadmin in CB to find out
19:33:37 <larrys> kohsuke: That I'm not sure about... but you should run this past rtyler or people that are more ssl+security concious... I leave that up to people that know that stuff
19:34:09 <Vern_Burton> As it is a wildcard, you are forced to share the private key across the machines, but those can be restricted via access control, etc
19:34:32 <kohsuke> larrys: Yes, I'll run it by rtyler to be sure before I proceed
19:34:54 * kohsuke wonders if hare_brain is back to give us some more +1s
19:35:03 <rtyler> we can talk later about that kohsuke, today's pretty hectic for me
19:35:16 <kohsuke> rtyler: all right. thanks
19:35:20 <rtyler> in general wildcards are avoided if there are multiple machines using the cert
19:35:27 <rtyler> (we're sticklers here about wildcard domains)
19:35:59 <Vern_Burton> Wildcards should be preferred where more that 10 hostnames are going to be secured as a matter of general practice
19:36:39 <rtyler> [reed]: ping
19:36:46 <evillyEvil> kohsuke: sorry, what meeting?
19:37:12 <rtyler> ah, I think [reed] is asleep still, rats
19:37:19 <rtyler> he's a good security guy we can talk to later kohsuke :)
19:37:33 <kohsuke> #info we have right now about 7 domains to secure
19:37:52 <larrys> evillyEvil: We are in a governance meeting right now for Jenkins itself.
19:37:52 <kohsuke> issues, wiki, www, usage, updates, svn, and ci
19:38:20 <kohsuke> but doesn't hurt to have some more for sure
19:38:59 <evillyEvil> larrys: kohsuke Oh, ok. Do you know when it's going to end?
19:38:59 <kohsuke> #agreed kohsuke to check with rtyler, [reed], and others before renewing SSL certs
19:39:10 <kohsuke> #info the other SSL cert expires in 2013 Feb
19:39:13 <rtyler> \o/
19:39:17 <rtyler> plenty of time ;)
19:39:46 <kohsuke> one expires in 2/8 and the other in 2/28, to be exact
19:39:51 <[reed]> rtyler: ?
19:39:59 <kohsuke> oh, so GoDaddy fooled me. It said it's up for renewal in 30 days
19:39:59 <hare_brain> I apologize. I am back now.
19:40:00 <[reed]> I'm here
19:40:26 <rtyler> [reed]: feelings on wildcard SSL certs
19:40:32 <kohsuke> [reed]: we were wondering if getting a single *.jenkins-ci.org wildcard SSL cert and use the same private key + same cert on 2 (or more) machines are recommended or not
19:40:33 <[reed]> rtyler: generally, bad idea
19:40:45 <kohsuke> it does save money! about $80/yr
19:40:56 <[reed]> due to DNS (anti-anti-...)rebinding attacks
19:41:23 <rtyler> is mozilla a CA yet? I can't believe OSS projects have to pay for certs like this
19:41:24 <kohsuke> [reed]: are two independent multi-domain SSL certs better?
19:41:29 <larrys> I think we use wildcard certs for all internal stuff at my job, and then for external stuff, they have specific ones...
19:41:39 <[reed]> kohsuke: yes
19:42:48 <kohsuke> Is it worth paying 80% more? ($100->$180)
19:42:50 <^4VAlien^> i have trouble testing '     private void update(AbstractBuild<?, ?> build, Launcher launcher, FilePath repository, BuildListener listener)
19:42:50 <^4VAlien^> throws InterruptedException, IOException  ' (for mercurialscm plugin) i tried looking at the svn plugin but its a lot different in the testing suite, any ideas?
19:43:07 <[reed]> DigiCert is pretty good... or StartSSL, if you want cheap... there are a few CAs who offer open source projects significant discounts
19:43:09 <rtyler> ^4VAlien^: hold on a few minutes, we're still in a project meeting
19:43:29 <rtyler> kohsuke: why don't we revisit this later and work out the ideal solution with [reed]
19:43:53 <kohsuke> rtyler: yes. I let thae last "agreed" action stand
19:44:06 <kohsuke> [reed]:  but thank you very much for the info
19:44:19 <kohsuke> #topic website banner usage guideline for the events list
19:44:30 <[reed]> choice of CA is very important, too, considering CRL and OCSP response times affect site load times
19:44:33 <[reed]> anyway, talk later :)
19:44:46 <kohsuke> So we've got the events list going, and so far so good
19:45:15 <kohsuke> One thing that that list often wants is to publicize upcoming events to drive attendance
19:45:41 <kohsuke> like a banner on the website+JIRA+Wiki
19:46:04 <kohsuke> for example Sao Paulo meet-up didn't do that, partly because we didn't get that lined up in time for this meeting's blessing
19:46:35 <rtyler> I think a banner is fine
19:46:45 <kohsuke> So I wonder if we can give some kind of blanket approval for events to use those for up to a week or 2 without checking with this meeting?
19:46:52 <rtyler> as long as they're not absolutely hideous ;)
19:47:12 <kohsuke> we can always complain after the fact, and you are on that list anyway
19:47:13 <larrys> rtyler: Good thing most browsers do not support <blink/> ;)
19:48:00 <rtyler> <center><marquee><blink>New Jenkins event!</blink</marquee></center>
19:48:18 <kohsuke> I think a week is good
19:48:30 <kohsuke> I'm trying to avoid the situation where there's always somthing showing there
19:48:37 <hare_brain> These days, I'm less worried about blink and more worried about things that expand/shrink or otherwise change the layout of the page.
19:48:45 <jaakkoo> kohsuke: you mean that godaddy was supporting for acta?
19:49:12 <hare_brain> Agree with the sentiment that as long as the banners are not obnoxiously animated, an approval for each shouldn't be necessary.
19:49:46 <kohsuke> hare_brain: the upcoming ones that I'm hoping is London meet-up, Seoul meet-up, FOSDEM and then SCALE
19:50:38 <kohsuke> #agreed we'll let people in the events to put banner up on jenkins-ci.org, wiki.jenkins-ci.org and issues.jenkins-ci.org for a week for one event without this meeting's blessing.
19:50:51 <kohsuke> we'll be conservative and if needed we'll revisit
19:51:06 <kohsuke> #topic adding larrs to the admin to help him fight spam
19:51:19 <kohsuke> so hopefully this one just a ritual to get some +1s
19:51:25 <larrys> do I need to /nick larrs? ;)
19:51:33 <hare_brain> +1
19:51:45 <kohsuke> larrys has been helping us greatly to combat spams, and I'd like him to be able to delete accounts from our LDAP
19:51:48 <larrys> I think a way via jenkins-admin would be a nice way to nuke spammers for commiters, or at least ops in here
19:52:04 <larrys> spread the love/load around
19:52:50 <orrc> yeah, being able to delete accounts could be helpful (as well as the posts, which we can do now)
19:53:08 <kohsuke> larrys: it's a bit of work to hook up the IRC daemon to LDAP code since they run on different hosts and LDAP access is protected, but we can certainly get to it
19:53:48 <kohsuke> the other (probably more important) work is to hook up the website you told me that shares blacklisted IPs
19:54:11 * kohsuke looks for more +1s as a welcome
19:54:13 <larrys> Yeah, I need to look at the code you have for the registration to see how easy it would be to plumb in stopforumspam.com into registration
19:54:27 <kohsuke> Yes, stopforumspam.com
19:54:44 <kohsuke> I'll find the repo for the account app and let you know
19:54:56 <larrys> I think there might be a few others in a similar vein.
19:55:13 <kohsuke> #agreed welcomes larrys for LDAP admin access
19:55:27 <kohsuke> I think that's it for today
19:55:31 <kohsuke> #topic next meeting
19:55:40 <orrc> sorry, I missed the start. but about fundraising, did you get a response from SPI about repeating donations etc? so we can get those Jenkins-is-mission-critical companies to donate regularly? ;)
19:56:02 <kohsuke> orrc: let me see
19:56:36 <kohsuke> "This should be an easy fix - I'll look into it in the next few days." is the last word from them at 9/26
19:56:52 <kohsuke> #action kohsuke to ping SPI to see how the recurrent payment is going
19:57:23 <kohsuke> wrt next meeting, 12/26 we'll skip, which leads to 1/9
19:57:34 <kohsuke> same time
19:57:55 <kohsuke> going once...
19:58:02 <kohsuke> going twice...
19:58:17 <kohsuke> #agreed  next meeting will be Jan 9th 2013, same time
19:58:27 <kohsuke> That's it for this year, thank you very much everyone
19:58:33 <kohsuke> #endmeeting