<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by hare_brain at 18:06:40 UTC
(<a href="jenkins.2012-08-22-18.06.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Recap of last meeting's action items</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2012-08-22-18.06.log.html#l-8'>hare_brain</a>, 18:07:58)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke to
    set up JIRA for project meeting actions</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-08-22-18.06.log.html#l-11'>hare_brain</a>,
    18:08:44)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/MEETING</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-08-22-18.06.log.html#l-13'>ndeloof</a>,
    18:09:20)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke to
    write to the publisher, point to our document, and ask them to seek
    our approval of the use of the mark (I think this is about Ulli's
    Android app)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-08-22-18.06.log.html#l-14'>hare_brain</a>,
    18:09:20)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke to
    install this plugin on JIRA</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-08-22-18.06.log.html#l-15'>hare_brain</a>,
    18:09:33)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda#GovernanceMeetingAgenda-August22thMeeting</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-08-22-18.06.log.html#l-17'>rtyler</a>,
    18:09:54)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">LisaWells to
    publish the write up on hat we can help to facilitate meet-ups in
    meat space</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-08-22-18.06.log.html#l-18'>hare_brain</a>,
    18:10:23)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">mika to
    package backend-ircbot for deb</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-08-22-18.06.log.html#l-22'>hare_brain</a>,
    18:11:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">locations in Paris are too expensive for user
    conferences</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-08-22-18.06.log.html#l-36'>hare_brain</a>,
    18:13:09)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">but smaller events are desirable, possibly
    piggybacking as BOF sessions at other events.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-08-22-18.06.log.html#l-38'>hare_brain</a>,
    18:13:48)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ndeloof to
    contact high schools / universites in paris for opportunity to host
    a user conference</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-08-22-18.06.log.html#l-39'>ndeloof</a>,
    18:14:09)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ndeloof to
    continue to look into other venues in Paris</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-08-22-18.06.log.html#l-50'>hare_brain</a>,
    18:17:33)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    work on the "Call for Dev Rooms" when it's published</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-08-22-18.06.log.html#l-56'>hare_brain</a>,
    18:19:08)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Travel Grant for FOSDEM</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2012-08-22-18.06.log.html#l-59'>hare_brain</a>, 18:19:33)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Travel grant
    for FOSDEM</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-08-22-18.06.log.html#l-67'>hare_brain</a>,
    18:21:48)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next meeting time</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2012-08-22-18.06.log.html#l-73'>hare_brain</a>, 18:23:46)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">next meeting
    time is September 5, 2012 11AM PDT</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-08-22-18.06.log.html#l-80'>hare_brain</a>,
    18:25:09)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">ndeloof ordered 1000 of these
    https://www.dropbox.com/s/lfixkutt799wt8q/BAT310216%20%281%29.pdf</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2012-08-22-18.06.log.html#l-86'>hare_brain</a>,
    18:26:55)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:30:09 UTC
(<a href="jenkins.2012-08-22-18.06.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>kohsuke to set up JIRA for project meeting actions</li>
  <li>kohsuke to write to the publisher, point to our document, and ask them to seek our approval of the use of the mark (I think this is about Ulli's Android app)</li>
  <li>kohsuke to install this plugin on JIRA</li>
  <li>LisaWells to publish the write up on hat we can help to facilitate meet-ups in meat space</li>
  <li>mika to package backend-ircbot for deb</li>
  <li>ndeloof to contact high schools / universites in paris for opportunity to host a user conference</li>
  <li>ndeloof to continue to look into other venues in Paris</li>
  <li>rtyler to work on the "Call for Dev Rooms" when it's published</li>
  <li>Travel grant for FOSDEM</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> ndeloof <ol>
    <li>ndeloof to contact high schools / universites in paris for opportunity to host a user conference</li>
    <li>ndeloof to continue to look into other venues in Paris</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rtyler <ol>
    <li>rtyler to work on the "Call for Dev Rooms" when it's published</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li><b>UNASSIGNED</b><ol>
    <li>kohsuke to set up JIRA for project meeting actions</li>
    <li>kohsuke to write to the publisher, point to our document, and ask them to seek our approval of the use of the mark (I think this is about Ulli's Android app)</li>
    <li>kohsuke to install this plugin on JIRA</li>
    <li>LisaWells to publish the write up on hat we can help to facilitate meet-ups in meat space</li>
    <li>mika to package backend-ircbot for deb</li>
    <li>Travel grant for FOSDEM</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>hare_brain (46)</li>
  <li>rtyler (24)</li>
  <li>ndeloof (21)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>abayer (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
