================
#jenkins Meeting
================


Meeting started by hare_brain at 18:00:37 UTC. The full logs are
available at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2012/jenkins.2012-09-05-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Recap action items  (hare_brain, 18:01:46)
  * https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/MEETING  (kohsuke, 18:02:03)
  * The FOSDEM devroom proposal:
    https://gist.github.com/6546c827b777c55f1ff7/48124395c9690ff0f95964acf32cce9dd6c1ea2a
    (rtyler, 18:02:57)
  * ACTION: LisaWells to publish the write up on hat we can help to
    facilitate meet-ups in meat space  (kohsuke, 18:08:55)

* Should the "Sponsor this issue" link beÂ ommited for closed issues
  (kohsuke, 18:10:22)
  * IDEA: Publicize freedomsponsors.org at JUC?  (hare_brain, 18:15:05)
  * LINK: https://gist.github.com/3641693   (msm, 18:15:09)
  * IDEA: or a guest post on http://jenkins-ci.org/ ?  (kohsuke,
    18:15:26)
  * ACTION: tonylampada to write a guest post on jenkins-ci.org about
    Freedom Sponsors  (kohsuke, 18:17:16)
  * IDEA: Jenkins newsletter would be another place to talk about this
    (hare_brain, 18:17:57)

* election process proposal  (kohsuke, 18:19:37)
  *
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Board+Election+Process+Proposal
    (kohsuke, 18:20:13)
  * ACTION: I'll write up hare_brain's "please trust the boards to
    nominate good people" model and send it to the dev list  (kohsuke,
    18:34:31)

* Help wanted: spams are on the rise  (kohsuke, 18:34:49)
  * there has been some on-going spam problem on Wiki  (kohsuke,
    18:35:09)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to create a 'report-the-spam' project in JIRA to
    help track and report spam  (rtyler, 18:40:47)
  * LINK:
    https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/DOC/Configuring+Captcha+for+Spam+Prevention
    (dapak, 18:40:48)
  * if anyone is willing to volunteer to be a spam police, please let us
    know  (kohsuke, 18:43:02)

* FOSDEM travel grant  (kohsuke, 18:43:34)
  * I haven't done the exact count, but I believe we have more than
    $5000 on our account in SPI  (kohsuke, 18:46:02)
  * $7348.12 to be exact  (kohsuke, 18:46:44)
  * http://spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2012/2012-08-09/  (kohsuke,
    18:46:47)
  * ACTION: next agenda item: "I suggest future funding sources as a
    topic for the next meeting."  (kohsuke, 18:53:58)
  * AGREED: we are basically OK with spending $1K x 2 people for FOSDEM
    travel grant, but we want to make sure money is used well  (kohsuke,
    18:55:34)

* Hold project meeting at JUC SF on 9/30  (hare_brain, 18:56:44)

* next meeting time  (kohsuke, 18:59:59)
  * AGREED: next meeting is the same time in 2 weeks (9/19)  (kohsuke,
    19:00:23)

Meeting ended at 19:00:49 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* LisaWells to publish the write up on hat we can help to facilitate
  meet-ups in meat space
* tonylampada to write a guest post on jenkins-ci.org about Freedom
  Sponsors
* I'll write up hare_brain's "please trust the boards to nominate good
  people" model and send it to the dev list
* kohsuke to create a 'report-the-spam' project in JIRA to help track
  and report spam
* next agenda item: "I suggest future funding sources as a topic for the
  next meeting."




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* hare_brain
  * I'll write up hare_brain's "please trust the boards to nominate good
    people" model and send it to the dev list
* kohsuke
  * kohsuke to create a 'report-the-spam' project in JIRA to help track
    and report spam
* tonylampada
  * tonylampada to write a guest post on jenkins-ci.org about Freedom
    Sponsors
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * LisaWells to publish the write up on hat we can help to facilitate
    meet-ups in meat space
  * next agenda item: "I suggest future funding sources as a topic for
    the next meeting."




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* kohsuke (98)
* rtyler (52)
* hare_brain (50)
* abayer (24)
* stephenc_ (15)
* dapak (14)
* tonylampada (14)
* imod (7)
* stephenc__ (7)
* lov (5)
* jenkins-builds (3)
* robobutler (2)
* vjuranek (2)
* msm (2)
* harpreet_ (2)
* PvM_Iain (1)
* mika (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
