================
#jenkins Meeting
================


Meeting started by kohsuke at 18:01:56 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2012/jenkins.2012-08-08-18.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
  (kohsuke, 18:02:59)
* recap of actions  (kohsuke, 18:04:01)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to set up JIRA project for project meeting actions
    (kohsuke, 18:05:34)

* commercial use of Jenkins  (kohsuke, 18:06:02)
  * http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/jenkins-ci-speak/id533789857?mt=12
    triggered the conversation  (kohsuke, 18:06:14)
  * this is the current guideline:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Document#GovernanceDocument-Trademark
    (kohsuke, 18:07:04)
  * LINK:
    http://www.linuxfoundation.org/programs/legal/trademark/faq#I_am_a_commercial_entity_a_company
    that this document refers to seems to imply that in this case this
    use should seek our approval  (kohsuke, 18:09:19)
  * AGREED: we think this use requires the approval of the project.
    (kohsuke, 18:11:34)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to write to the publisher, point to our document,
    and ask them to seek our approval of the use of the mark  (kohsuke,
    18:12:10)
  * the consensus seems to be that we are OK with this use, but we want
    to make it clear that the use of the mark like this (as per FAQ)
    requires our approval  (kohsuke, 18:12:41)

* Demoing the FreedomSponsors JIRA plugin  (kohsuke, 18:13:42)
  * Reading the raw log of the last meeting, I think one of the concerns
    was the possible stability impact of this to JIRA  (kohsuke,
    18:18:13)
  * IDEA: I like hare_brain's proposal that we run it for a while and
    re-evaluate  (kohsuke, 18:20:00)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/freedomsponsors/www.freedomsponsors.org/issues
    (tonylampada, 18:23:36)
  * AGREED: we'll install this plugin on JIRA for two months and
    re-evaluate  (kohsuke, 18:24:07)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to install this plugin on JIRA  (kohsuke, 18:25:22)

* Upcoming event planning and brainstorming  (kohsuke, 18:26:31)
  *
    https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/bokUEoheAAs%5B1-25%5D
    (kohsuke, 18:26:37)
  *
    https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/eFawHz1JWYg%5B1-25%5D
    (kohsuke, 18:26:42)
  * FOSDEM organization mailing list
    http://lists.jenkins-ci.org/mailman/listinfo/jenkins-fosdem
    (rtyler, 18:28:04)
  * FOSDEM 2013 will be February 2nd and 3rd  (rtyler, 18:28:41)
  * ACTION: rtyler to work on the "Call for Dev Rooms" when it's
    published  (rtyler, 18:30:49)
  * ACTION: the board to figure out at a later meeting how we can do a
    travel budget for one or two of our japanese friends to come to
    FOSDEM  (rtyler, 18:31:29)
  * LINK: http://lists.jenkins-ci.org/mailman/listinfo/jenkins-fosdem
    (rtyler, 18:34:22)
  * AGREED: we'll commit to FOSDEM 2012 (by that we mean promote,
    coordinate, spend some project money, etc.)  (kohsuke, 18:35:17)
  * those who are interested should join
    http://lists.jenkins-ci.org/mailman/listinfo/jenkins-fosdem
    (kohsuke, 18:35:28)
  * AGREED: FOSDEM 2013 too  (rtyler, 18:35:29)

* Jenkins Event Planning/COordination  (rtyler, 18:37:04)
  * IDEA: I thought it'd be good to have some things mapped out if we
    can, because attracting speakers are hard  (kohsuke, 18:37:27)
  * IDEA: but a part of me also wonder if 1 JUC in SF, 1 FOSDEM, and 0.5
    Tokyo JUC are about right given our size  (kohsuke, 18:37:53)
  * ACTION: LisaWells to publish a write up on what we can help to
    facilitate meet-ups in the meat space  (kohsuke, 18:45:04)
  * ACTION: ndeloof volunteered to see if there's any opportunity to
    organize low-cost "user event" in Devoxx or in Paris  (kohsuke,
    18:46:33)

* Documentation of jenkins-admin IRC-bot infra, so that community can
  manage restart  (kohsuke, 18:47:23)
  * ACTION: mika to package https://github.com/jenkinsci/backend-ircbot
    to deb  (kohsuke, 18:54:54)
  * ACTION: then ndeloof will attempt puppetizing this  (kohsuke,
    18:55:21)
  * puppet module is in https://github.com/jenkinsci/infra-puppet
    (kohsuke, 18:55:46)

* New shipment of Jenkins stickers  (rtyler, 18:58:19)
  * IDEA: my proposal is to spend another $500 to get 2000 more stickers
    from the same place  (kohsuke, 18:58:28)
  * LINK: http://www.lastickerie.com/stickers/ have 40cm diam round
    ones, 60€ for 1000  (ndeloof, 19:01:06)
  * AGREED: we'll approve another $500 to purchase 2000 stickers
    (kohsuke, 19:01:40)
  * AGREED: make it $600, not $500, and ndeloof will order one from
    http://www.lastickerie.com/stickers/ on behalf of the community
    (kohsuke, 19:05:10)

* next meeting time  (kohsuke, 19:05:16)
  * the next meeting time is Aug 22nd, same time as always  (kohsuke,
    19:05:51)

Meeting ended at 19:06:32 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* kohsuke to set up JIRA project for project meeting actions
* kohsuke to write to the publisher, point to our document, and ask them
  to seek our approval of the use of the mark
* kohsuke to install this plugin on JIRA
* rtyler to work on the "Call for Dev Rooms" when it's published
* the board to figure out at a later meeting how we can do a travel
  budget for one or two of our japanese friends to come to FOSDEM
* LisaWells to publish a write up on what we can help to facilitate
  meet-ups in the meat space
* ndeloof volunteered to see if there's any opportunity to organize
  low-cost "user event" in Devoxx or in Paris
* mika to package https://github.com/jenkinsci/backend-ircbot to deb
* then ndeloof will attempt puppetizing this




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* kohsuke
  * kohsuke to set up JIRA project for project meeting actions
  * kohsuke to write to the publisher, point to our document, and ask
    them to seek our approval of the use of the mark
  * kohsuke to install this plugin on JIRA
* LisaWells
  * LisaWells to publish a write up on what we can help to facilitate
    meet-ups in the meat space
* mika
  * mika to package https://github.com/jenkinsci/backend-ircbot to deb
* ndeloof
  * ndeloof volunteered to see if there's any opportunity to organize
    low-cost "user event" in Devoxx or in Paris
  * then ndeloof will attempt puppetizing this
* rtyler
  * rtyler to work on the "Call for Dev Rooms" when it's published
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * the board to figure out at a later meeting how we can do a travel
    budget for one or two of our japanese friends to come to FOSDEM




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* kohsuke (143)
* rtyler (64)
* tonylampada (28)
* ndeloof (25)
* abayer (15)
* mika (5)
* LisaWells (5)
* nanna (3)
* robobutler (2)
* alyssa_ (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
