========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by oleg-nenashev at 18:01:23 UTC. The full logs are
available at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2020/jenkins-meeting.2020-01-15-18.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Agenda: #startmeeting  (oleg-nenashev, 18:01:47)
* Agenda:
  https://docs.google.com/document/d/11Nr8QpqYgBiZjORplL_3Zkwys2qK1vEvK-NYyYa4rzg/edit#heading=h.vylsknw2s91m
  (oleg-nenashev, 18:01:56)
* Recap of previous action items  (oleg-nenashev, 18:02:10)
  * Previous meeting:
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2019/jenkins-meeting.2019-12-18-18.02.html
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:02:49)

* New meeting time  (oleg-nenashev, 18:03:20)
  * : Discussion:
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/RuWQ124gUsw
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:03:37)
  * Doodle for the new meeting slot:
    https://doodle.com/poll/pq2g45anu92yz2b8  (oleg-nenashev, 18:04:13)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to add a 7PM UTC option to the poll
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:12:30)
  * AGREED: We keep 6PM UTC for now, please vote in the poll!
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:13:08)

* Updates in the Governance Meeting tooling  (oleg-nenashev, 18:13:21)
  * Now we use Google Doc for the agenda. See the new Governance Board
    Meetings page here: https://jenkins.io/project/governance-meeting/
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:13:55)

* Approval request: CommunityBridge funding page  (oleg-nenashev,
  18:15:57)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/iLutO2X0bdg
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:16:14)
  * Current page (for mentorship only):
    https://funding.communitybridge.org/projects/jenkins
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:17:07)
  * AGREED: Beta testing of CommunityBridge funding is approved
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:34:42)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to setup a reference implementation and draft
    a JEP  (oleg-nenashev, 18:34:58)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to setup the reference implementation and
    draft a JEP  (oleg-nenashev39, 18:39:02)
  * LINK:
    https://docs.google.com/document/d/11Nr8QpqYgBiZjORplL_3Zkwys2qK1vEvK-NYyYa4rzg/edit
    (oleg-nenashev39, 18:40:29)

* Jenkins Evergreen Infra status. Do we shut down the Evergreen infra?
  (Olivier Vernin, Oleg Nenashev)  (Slide-O-Mix, 18:46:52)
  *
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/jenkinsci-dev/OlG1IEFmSiQ/8RHA_urCBQAJ
    (oleg-nenashev39, 18:47:39)
  * ACTION: rtyler to archive evergreen repository  (rtyler, 18:55:09)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to update jenkins.io projects (archive
    Evergreen there)  (oleg-nenashev39, 18:55:45)
  * ACTION: rtyler to eventually write a blog post wrapping up the
    Evergreen experiment, updating the website too  (rtyler, 18:56:37)

* Jenkins Area Meetup removal follow-up (Alyssa Tong, Oleg Nenashev)
  (Slide-O-Mix, 19:01:31)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/cviU5XUX8vQ
    (oleg-nenashev39, 19:01:46)

* FOSDEM updates (Oleg Nenashev)  (Slide-O-Mix, 19:06:39)
  * https://jenkins.io/blog/2020/01/10/fosdem-is-coming/
    (oleg-nenashev39, 19:07:19)
  * We have a small contributor summit on 31st.
    https://www.meetup.com/jenkinsmeetup/events/267684785/
    (oleg-nenashev39, 19:08:50)
  * On the Thursday 30 of January, there will be two workshops one about
    Jenkins Pipelines lead by Mark Waite, and a second one about
    JenkinsX by Viktor Farcic.  (oleg-nenashev39, 19:09:40)
  * Finally the FOSDEM, the 01 and 02 of February, weâ€™ll all be at
    FOSDEM. So come and say "hi" at the Jenkins/JenkinsX stand, inside
    the CICD Devroom.  (oleg-nenashev39, 19:09:50)

* Next meeting  (Slide-O-Mix, 19:16:05)

Meeting ended at 19:16:37 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* oleg_nenashev to add a 7PM UTC option to the poll
* oleg_nenashev to setup a reference implementation and draft a JEP
* oleg_nenashev to setup the reference implementation and draft a JEP
* rtyler to archive evergreen repository
* oleg_nenashev to update jenkins.io projects (archive Evergreen there)
* rtyler to eventually write a blog post wrapping up the Evergreen
  experiment, updating the website too




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* rtyler
  * rtyler to archive evergreen repository
  * rtyler to eventually write a blog post wrapping up the Evergreen
    experiment, updating the website too
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * oleg_nenashev to add a 7PM UTC option to the poll
  * oleg_nenashev to setup a reference implementation and draft a JEP
  * oleg_nenashev to setup the reference implementation and draft a JEP
  * oleg_nenashev to update jenkins.io projects (archive Evergreen
    there)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* oleg-nenashev39 (84)
* oleg-nenashev (73)
* rtyler (47)
* Slide-O-Mix (41)
* drulli (20)
* Alyssat (12)
* robobutler (5)
* alyssat_ (4)
* markewaite (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
