========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by rtyler at 18:02:32 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2017/jenkins-meeting.2017-03-29-18.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Recap last meeting's actions  (kohsuke, 18:03:31)
  *
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2017/jenkins-meeting.2017-03-15-18.00.html
    (kohsuke, 18:03:42)

* LTS Status check  (kohsuke, 18:08:13)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to run a release  (kohsuke, 18:08:50)
  * ACTION: danielbeck to write the upgrade guide  (danielbeck,
    18:08:57)
  * ACTION: danielbeck to merge the update center PR for the new
    baseline once Artifactory index has 2.46.1  (danielbeck, 18:09:40)

* Sublicense request, on behalf of JFrog, "Jenkins Community Day" event
  in Paris  (kohsuke, 18:13:42)
  * AGREED: "Jenkins Community Day" sublicense request is granted. The
    usual attribution apply  (kohsuke, 18:17:26)
  * LINK:
    https://www.jfrog.com/Artifactory/?km_source=google+ppc&km_medium=cpc&km_term=35774400220&km_campaign=682253752&km_keyword=jfrog&km_adid=152106653455&aw_campaignid=682253752&aw_adgroupid=35774400220&aw_device=c&aw_keyword=jfrog&aw_matchtype=e&gclid=CLDomsGp_NICFQJsfgodkMUJcw
    (alyssat_, 18:18:15)
  * ACTION: alyssat_ to update approved trademark usage wiki page
    (danielbeck, 18:18:30)
  * ACTION: alyssat_ to remove her tail  (batmat, 18:18:48)

* Java 8 baseline bump heads up  (rtyler, 18:19:24)
  * a quick advertisement about a proposed Jenkins localization drive :
    https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-docs/pBn13p7FRH0/wUBgInrPBgAJ
    (kohsuke, 18:19:33)
  * https://jenkins.io/blog/2017/01/17/Jenkins-is-upgrading-to-Java-8/
    (batmat, 18:20:10)
  * https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/pull/2802  (batmat, 18:21:01)

* a quick advertisement about a proposed Jenkins localization drive
  (kohsuke, 18:26:35)

* next meeting time  (kohsuke, 18:28:44)
  * Next meeting will be April 12th the same time. Thank god time zone
    change is over!  (kohsuke, 18:29:16)

Meeting ended at 18:29:33 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* kohsuke to run a release
* danielbeck to write the upgrade guide
* danielbeck to merge the update center PR for the new baseline once
  Artifactory index has 2.46.1
* alyssat_ to update approved trademark usage wiki page
* alyssat_ to remove her tail




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* alyssat_
  * alyssat_ to update approved trademark usage wiki page
  * alyssat_ to remove her tail
* danielbeck
  * danielbeck to write the upgrade guide
  * danielbeck to merge the update center PR for the new baseline once
    Artifactory index has 2.46.1
* kohsuke
  * kohsuke to run a release
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (62)
* kohsuke (52)
* danielbeck (23)
* batmat (19)
* alyssat_ (16)
* ogondza (5)
* allengeer (3)
* jglick (3)
* robobutler (2)
* hare_brain (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
