========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:03 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2017/jenkins-meeting.2017-08-02-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Last meeting actions  (rtyler, 18:00:09)

* LTS status check  (rtyler, 18:01:57)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/3Vz_Db-rNzk
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:03:41)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to follow-up on JENKINS-45057 in MLs
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:09:05)

* Jenkins World organization/status update  (rtyler, 18:10:02)
  * https://www.meetup.com/jenkinsmeetup/events/241213280/  (rtyler,
    18:11:31)
  * Jenkins World 2017 is in San Francisco the week of August 28th
    (rtyler, 18:12:04)
  * https://www.cloudbees.com/jenkinsworld/awards  The inaugural Jenkins
    Community Awards. Koshuke will announce and publicly recognize the 3
    folks who has done great work for the Jenkins project in the areas
    of advocacy, security and contributions.  All nominees were
    excellent contenders, it was not easy for the committee to vote on
    this.  (alyssat_, 18:12:15)

* Infra status update  (rtyler, 18:20:06)
  * There is an infra status meeting every monday at 19:30 UTC on
    jenkins.io/hangout  (rtyler, 18:23:02)
  * LINK: https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/INFRA-1127 FWIW  (rtyler,
    18:26:58)

* Jenkins mark usage request from CloudBees for CloudBees Jenkins
  Advisor  (rtyler, 18:29:05)
  *
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/jenkinsci-dev/PoxnVCKa9NM/2F2iLlDuBwAJ
    (rtyler, 18:29:08)
  * AGREED: "CloudBees Jenkins Advisor" sub-license granted with the
    previous conditions which have been applied to other sub-licenses
    (rtyler, 18:35:12)
  * ACTION: alyssat_ to update the
    https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Approved+Trademark+Usage
    page accordingly  (rtyler, 18:35:41)

* Deprecate Remoting CLI1/JNLP1/JNLP2/JNLP3 protocol  (rtyler, 18:37:45)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/sN2wHHFOJPg
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:37:54)
  * AGREED: Deprecate Remoting CLI1/JNLP1/JNLP2/JNLP3 protocol  (rtyler,
    18:46:37)
  * ACTION: oleg-nenashev to write a blog post to communicate changes to
    users when necessary  (rtyler, 18:46:55)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to deliver docs and blog posts
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:46:55)
  * https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/pull/2950 is the pull request
    for those who may be interested in the changes  (rtyler, 18:47:36)

* Next meeting  (rtyler, 18:47:46)
  * next meeting August 16th, 18:00 UTC  (rtyler, 18:48:33)

Meeting ended at 18:48:40 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* oleg_nenashev to follow-up on JENKINS-45057 in MLs
* alyssat_ to update the
  https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Approved+Trademark+Usage page
  accordingly
* oleg-nenashev to write a blog post to communicate changes to users
  when necessary
* oleg_nenashev to deliver docs and blog posts




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* alyssat_
  * alyssat_ to update the
    https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Approved+Trademark+Usage
    page accordingly
* oleg-nenashev
  * oleg-nenashev to write a blog post to communicate changes to users
    when necessary
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * oleg_nenashev to follow-up on JENKINS-45057 in MLs
  * oleg_nenashev to deliver docs and blog posts




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (104)
* oleg-nenashev (49)
* alyssat_ (22)
* orrc (6)
* autojack (6)
* schristou (3)
* robobutler (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
