<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head><script src="//archive.org/includes/analytics.js?v=cf34f82" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">window.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded',function(){var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app202.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=522;archive_analytics.send_pageview({});});</script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/bundle-playback.js?v=MzYkZ0TU" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/wombat.js?v=UHAOicsW" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
  __wm.init("https://web.archive.org/web");
  __wm.wombat("http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2017/jenkins-meeting.2017-07-19-18.01.html","20200429105626","https://web.archive.org/","web","/_static/",
	      "1588157786");
</script>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/banner-styles.css?v=S1zqJCYt" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/iconochive.css?v=qtvMKcIJ" />
<!-- End Wayback Rewrite JS Include -->

<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by rtyler at 18:01:03 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-07-19-18.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Last meeting actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-07-19-18.01.log.html#l-6">rtyler</a>, 18:01:19)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-07-19-18.01.log.html#l-13">rtyler</a>, 18:02:24)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke,
    please release 2.60.2</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-07-19-18.01.log.html#l-38">ogondza</a>,
    18:09:07)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Deprecate "jenkins" official docker image (that we don't control) and "jenkinsci/*" and start deploying our own stuff under "jenkins/*"</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-07-19-18.01.log.html#l-43">rtyler</a>, 18:09:41)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">http://hub.docker.com/_/jenkins</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-07-19-18.01.log.html#l-48">rtyler</a>,
    18:10:17)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">no objections
    to noting the "jenkins" official image as deprecated</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-07-19-18.01.log.html#l-111">rtyler</a>,
    18:20:29)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    work with ndeloof on communicating the deprecation of the "jenkins"
    image</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-07-19-18.01.log.html#l-115">rtyler</a>,
    18:21:32)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">we will start
    double-publishing key images for jenkinsci/ and jenkins/ orgs on
    dockerhub</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-07-19-18.01.log.html#l-130">rtyler</a>,
    18:24:09)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ndeloof to
    raise the topic of moving/deprecating the jenkinsci org on DockerHub
    in 6 months or so</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-07-19-18.01.log.html#l-132">rtyler</a>,
    18:24:31)</span></li>
  <li><a href="https://web.archive.org/web/20200429105626/https://hub.docker.com/r/jenkins/jnlp-slave/">https://hub.docker.com/r/jenkins/jnlp-slave/</a>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-07-19-18.01.log.html#l-138">ndeloof</a>,
    18:25:12)</span></li>
  <li><a href="https://web.archive.org/web/20200429105626/https://hub.docker.com/r/jenkins/ssh-slave/">https://hub.docker.com/r/jenkins/ssh-slave/</a>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-07-19-18.01.log.html#l-139">ndeloof</a>,
    18:25:20)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to map
    all ther existing jenkinsci users over to the jenkins org</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-07-19-18.01.log.html#l-142">rtyler</a>,
    18:25:38)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-07-19-18.01.log.html#l-150">rtyler</a>, 18:26:43)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Next meeting August 2nd, 18:00 UTC</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-07-19-18.01.log.html#l-153">rtyler</a>,
    18:27:30)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:27:32 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2017-07-19-18.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>kohsuke, please release 2.60.2</li>
  <li>rtyler to work with ndeloof on communicating the deprecation of the "jenkins" image</li>
  <li>ndeloof to raise the topic of moving/deprecating the jenkinsci org on DockerHub in 6 months or so</li>
  <li>rtyler to map all ther existing jenkinsci users over to the jenkins org</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> kohsuke <ol>
    <li>kohsuke, please release 2.60.2</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> ndeloof <ol>
    <li>rtyler to work with ndeloof on communicating the deprecation of the "jenkins" image</li>
    <li>ndeloof to raise the topic of moving/deprecating the jenkinsci org on DockerHub in 6 months or so</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rtyler <ol>
    <li>rtyler to work with ndeloof on communicating the deprecation of the "jenkins" image</li>
    <li>rtyler to map all ther existing jenkinsci users over to the jenkins org</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (57)</li>
  <li>ndeloof (47)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (23)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (14)</li>
  <li>ogondza (11)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>hare_brain (0)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="https://web.archive.org/web/20200429105626/http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
<!--
     FILE ARCHIVED ON 10:56:26 Apr 29, 2020 AND RETRIEVED FROM THE
     INTERNET ARCHIVE ON 15:11:10 Nov 09, 2022.
     JAVASCRIPT APPENDED BY WAYBACK MACHINE, COPYRIGHT INTERNET ARCHIVE.

     ALL OTHER CONTENT MAY ALSO BE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT (17 U.S.C.
     SECTION 108(a)(3)).
-->
<!--
playback timings (ms):
  captures_list: 415.872
  exclusion.robots: 0.117
  exclusion.robots.policy: 0.11
  cdx.remote: 0.059
  esindex: 0.009
  LoadShardBlock: 279.161 (3)
  PetaboxLoader3.datanode: 178.973 (4)
  CDXLines.iter: 16.573 (3)
  load_resource: 103.038
  PetaboxLoader3.resolve: 62.69
-->