========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by rtyler at 17:59:31 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2017/jenkins-meeting.2017-08-16-17.59.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Last meeting actions  (rtyler, 17:59:46)
  *
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2017/jenkins-meeting.2017-08-02-18.00.html
    (rtyler, 18:00:02)
  * https://jenkins.io//projects/remoting/  (oleg-nenashev, 18:02:05)
  * https://jenkins.io/blog/2017/08/11/remoting-update/  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:02:17)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/3Vz_Db-rNzk
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:03:42)

* LTS status check  (rtyler, 18:05:31)
  * ACTION: kohsuke will you please ship 2.60.3?  (ogondza, 18:09:53)

* Next LTS baseline selection  (rtyler, 18:10:15)
  * https://jenkins.io/changelog/  (jglick, 18:10:27)
  * https://github.com/stapler/stapler/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:12:31)
  * LINK: https://github.com/stapler/stapler/pull/106 is a feature with
    new API  (oleg-nenashev, 18:13:19)
  * AGREED: 2.73 should be the next baseline for LTS  (rtyler, 18:17:06)
  * AGREED: 2.73 should be the next baseline for LTS  (rtyler, 18:17:15)
  * ACTION: ogondza initiate next LTS line for 2.73  (ogondza, 18:17:41)
  * ACTION: : oleg_nenashev and jglick to syncup on Stapler backporting
    approach  (oleg-nenashev, 18:18:33)

* Discuss proposal: Add optional "Released as" and "Stage Release"
  states to JIRA  (rtyler, 18:19:37)
  * :
    https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EIRuCMOjmPgpxybkWRPHfx1f1yglcuYlqPWN8K1Ni28/edit#
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:19:45)
  * : https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/wzc4VLplHvs
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:20:03)

* Jenkins World preparation  (rtyler, 18:24:54)
  * We have a contributor summit on the 29th:
    https://www.meetup.com/jenkinsmeetup/events/241213280/  (rtyler,
    18:25:43)
  * Please think about topics to discuss in the afternoon portion of the
    Contributor Summit  (rtyler, 18:27:46)
  * LINK:
    https://www.eventbrite.com/e/2017-jenkins-contributor-appreciation-evening-tickets-32591665549
    (alyssat_, 18:28:00)
  * ACTION: kohsuke and ogondza to figure out what kind of Release/LTS
    updates should be presented at the Contributor Summit  (rtyler,
    18:30:45)

* Next Meeting  (rtyler, 18:31:07)
  * next meeting will be Sept 13th  (rtyler, 18:39:00)

Meeting ended at 18:40:07 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* kohsuke will you please ship 2.60.3?
* ogondza initiate next LTS line for 2.73
* : oleg_nenashev and jglick to syncup on Stapler backporting approach
* kohsuke and ogondza to figure out what kind of Release/LTS updates
  should be presented at the Contributor Summit




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* jglick
  * : oleg_nenashev and jglick to syncup on Stapler backporting approach
* kohsuke
  * kohsuke will you please ship 2.60.3?
  * kohsuke and ogondza to figure out what kind of Release/LTS updates
    should be presented at the Contributor Summit
* ogondza
  * ogondza initiate next LTS line for 2.73
  * kohsuke and ogondza to figure out what kind of Release/LTS updates
    should be presented at the Contributor Summit
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (62)
* oleg-nenashev (36)
* ogondza (21)
* kohsuke (19)
* jglick (11)
* recena (6)
* alyssat_ (5)
* robobutler (2)
* olblak (2)
* autojack (1)
* danielbeck (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
