========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by kohsuke at 18:27:01 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2017/jenkins-meeting.2017-02-01-18.27.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Trademark usage approval for upcoming "CloudBees Jenkins" product
  names  (rtyler, 18:28:32)
  * LINK:
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/1jZmjgSDcqM
    (kohsuke, 18:29:34)
  * AGREED: the trademark request in
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/1jZmjgSDcqM is
    approved, provided that the same conditions of enforcement are kept
    by CloudBees  (kohsuke, 18:38:51)

* Infra Update  (rtyler, 18:39:49)
  * Kubernetes (k8s) is /technically/ deployed into Azure right now,
    olblak and I are working to get the orchestration of applications on
    top of it hammered down  (rtyler, 18:40:50)

* Request for 50 private repos in the jenkinsci-cert GitHub org (1200
  USD/year, up from 20 repos for 600 USD/year)  (rtyler, 18:46:00)
  * AGREED: danielbeck can spend money  (rtyler, 18:46:06)

Meeting ended at 18:46:13 UTC.




Action Items
------------





Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (35)
* kohsuke (28)
* danielbeck (13)
* orrc (3)
* robobutler (2)
* ogondza (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
