18:00:29 <rtyler> #startmeeting
18:00:29 <robobutler> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
18:00:41 <rtyler> #topic Recap last meeting actions
18:00:49 <rtyler> http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2016/jenkins-meeting.2016-12-21-18.01.html
18:00:55 <rtyler> heh, there weren't any :P
18:01:23 <rtyler> #topic LTS status check
18:01:35 <oleg-nenashev> rtyler: GSoC - your AI ;)
18:01:44 <oleg-nenashev> Which becomes hot
18:02:25 <oleg-nenashev> ogondza is offline :(
18:02:32 <rtyler> #info per ogondza and danielbeck, the .2 release is post-poned
18:02:47 <rtyler> there's not really anything to discuss as far as the LTS is concerned in this meeting
18:03:23 <rtyler> no more topics to discuss, and everybody is more or less on vacation anyways :P
18:03:34 <oleg-nenashev> rtyler ^^^
18:03:58 <rtyler> please use words
18:04:25 <oleg-nenashev> rtyler: you have an action item regarding GSoC. And it becomes hot
18:04:37 * rtyler sighs
18:04:43 <rtyler> "becomes hot" doesn't actually mean anything to me
18:04:52 <rtyler> we can talk about this in #jenkins-community
18:05:05 <rtyler> there isn't an agenda item for this, and I want to close this meeting out since it's basically you and I
18:05:07 <oleg-nenashev> okay
18:05:11 <alyssat> I have an item that I didn't put on the agenda which I'd like to get approval
18:05:13 <rtyler> I know the application process opens on the 18th
18:05:20 <rtyler> alyssat: which is?
18:05:31 <oleg-nenashev> I'm off on Jan 18...29
18:05:34 <alyssat> the Jenkins World logo
18:05:41 <alyssat> https://www.cloudbees.com/jenkinsworld/home
18:05:54 * rtyler grumbles
18:05:57 <rtyler> #topic Jenkins World Logo
18:06:07 <alyssat> CloudBees would like to add a tag line "A Global DevOps Event"
18:06:26 <alyssat> under 'Jenkins World'
18:06:33 <rtyler> my personal opinions on the efficacy of such a change aside, I don't think that necessitates anything from the Jenkins project
18:07:01 * oleg-nenashev abstains
18:07:19 <alyssat> so you're saying no approval necessary?
18:07:20 <rtyler> the use of "Jenkins" in "Jenkins World" we have already discussed previously
18:07:59 <rtyler> alyssat: I think if it were invoking the trademark in some new and different way, then yes, but "a global devops event" doesn't invoke the mark or dramatically change any representation of the Jenkins project
18:08:03 <rtyler> so I don't think so
18:08:31 <alyssat> ok. so we'll move forward with this change
18:08:38 <rtyler> so long as the logo follows our license https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/
18:08:45 <rtyler> which I believe it does
18:08:52 <alyssat> cool. thnx
18:09:13 <rtyler> ogondza: is there anything about the .2 postponement you wish to add?
18:09:54 <ogondza> not realy
18:09:57 <rtyler> okie doke
18:10:02 <rtyler> #topic
18:10:04 <rtyler> er
18:10:07 <rtyler> #topic next meeting
18:10:28 <rtyler> #info January 18th will be the next meeting
18:10:41 <rtyler> #endmeeting