========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:17 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2017/jenkins-meeting.2017-04-12-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Last meeting actions  (rtyler, 18:00:23)
  *
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2017/jenkins-meeting.2017-03-29-18.02.html
    (rtyler, 18:00:40)

* LTS status check  (rtyler, 18:03:02)
  * LINK:
    https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/issues/?jql=labels%20%3D%202.46.2-fixed
    (danielbeck, 18:04:33)
  * ACTION: push the RC on Thursday once ATH looks green  (ogondza,
    18:08:01)
  * ACTION: ogondza push the RC on Thursday once ATH looks green
    (ogondza, 18:08:28)

* Google Groups issues  (rtyler, 18:10:48)
  * ACTION: rtyler to add orrc to the spam brigade  (rtyler, 18:19:29)
  * ACTION: rtyler to inform the dev list  (rtyler, 18:28:23)

* next meeting  (rtyler, 18:28:28)
  * April 26 will be the next meeting  (rtyler, 18:29:48)

Meeting ended at 18:30:00 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* push the RC on Thursday once ATH looks green
* ogondza push the RC on Thursday once ATH looks green
* rtyler to add orrc to the spam brigade
* rtyler to inform the dev list




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* ogondza
  * ogondza push the RC on Thursday once ATH looks green
* orrc
  * rtyler to add orrc to the spam brigade
* rtyler
  * rtyler to add orrc to the spam brigade
  * rtyler to inform the dev list
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * push the RC on Thursday once ATH looks green




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (57)
* ogondza (20)
* danielbeck (19)
* oleg-nenashev (14)
* orrc (9)
* batmat (4)
* robobutler (2)
* alyssat_ (2)
* Slide-O-Mix (1)
* kohsuke (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
