========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by danielbeck at 18:01:40 UTC. The full logs are
available at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2017/jenkins-meeting.2017-01-18-18.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Recap last meeting's actions  (danielbeck, 18:02:25)
  *
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2017/jenkins-meeting.2017-01-04-18.00.html
    (danielbeck, 18:02:32)

* LTS status check  (danielbeck, 18:02:47)

* Review GSoC project application status'  (danielbeck, 18:04:55)

* Bug Triage Team Idea  (danielbeck, 18:06:55)
  * ACTION: Slide-O-Mix to send email on bug triage team to the dev list
    (danielbeck, 18:16:43)

* JDK8 baseline upgrade news  (danielbeck, 18:16:52)
  * Jenkins core now builds on Windows and is green \o/ (err, blue):
    https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/pull/2698  (danielbeck,
    18:17:56)
  * PR for the public announcement is up for review:
    https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins.io/pull/545  (danielbeck,
    18:18:05)

* FOSDEM planning update  (danielbeck, 18:21:46)
  * https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/FOSDEM+2017  (alyssat,
    18:21:53)

* next meeting  (danielbeck, 18:28:05)

Meeting ended at 18:28:42 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* Slide-O-Mix to send email on bug triage team to the dev list




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* Slide-O-Mix
  * Slide-O-Mix to send email on bug triage team to the dev list
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* danielbeck (67)
* Slide-O-Mix (30)
* alyssat (9)
* jglick (9)
* kohsuke (9)
* ogondza (6)
* teilo (5)
* robobutler (2)
* hare_brain (0)
* rtyler_ (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
