========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:04 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2017/jenkins-meeting.2017-05-10-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Last meeting actions  (rtyler, 18:00:19)
  * LINK:
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2017/jenkins-meeting.2017-04-26-18.01.html
    (rtyler, 18:00:31)
  * LINK: https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Jenkins+Ambassador
    (rtyler, 18:01:10)

* LTS status check  (rtyler, 18:01:55)
  * LINK:
    https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/issues/?jql=labels%20%3D%20lts-candidate
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:03:04)
  * ACTION: ogondza to rereview candidates before pushing out rc
    (ogondza, 18:10:37)

* Infrastructure update  (rtyler, 18:12:09)
  * olblak is currently working on tickets to expand the resources
    Confluence makes use of  (rtyler, 18:12:59)
  * LINK: https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/INFRA-1150 FYI  (rtyler,
    18:13:45)
  * olblak working to improve repo.jenkins-ci.org access speeds for
    ci.jenkins.io pipelines  (rtyler, 18:16:05)
  * JIRA has experienced a few outages related to GC pressure in the JVM
    (rtyler, 18:18:56)
  * the accounts "signup-might-be-spammer" queue is severely backed up
    and not properly being addressed  (rtyler, 18:22:11)

* Upcoming LTS Discussion  (rtyler, 18:28:57)
  * LINK: https://jenkins.io/changelog/   (ogondza, 18:29:10)
  * https://jenkins.io/changelog/  (oleg-nenashev, 18:35:33)
  * https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/pull/2730  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:42:36)
  * LINK: https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/pull/2878/files ? why?
    (ogondza, 18:51:33)
  * https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/compare/jenkins-2.59...master
    (jglick, 18:55:38)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev and danielbeck to merge minor bugfixes and let
    kohsuke know when it's done  (oleg-nenashev, 18:56:27)
  * ACTION: danielbeck to write 2.60 changelog for today  (danielbeck,
    18:58:34)

* next meeting  (rtyler, 18:59:16)
  * next meeting May 24th 18:00 UTC  (rtyler, 19:00:01)

Meeting ended at 19:00:04 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* ogondza to rereview candidates before pushing out rc
* oleg_nenashev and danielbeck to merge minor bugfixes and let kohsuke
  know when it's done
* danielbeck to write 2.60 changelog for today




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* danielbeck
  * oleg_nenashev and danielbeck to merge minor bugfixes and let kohsuke
    know when it's done
  * danielbeck to write 2.60 changelog for today
* kohsuke
  * oleg_nenashev and danielbeck to merge minor bugfixes and let kohsuke
    know when it's done
* ogondza
  * ogondza to rereview candidates before pushing out rc
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (75)
* oleg-nenashev (58)
* danielbeck (43)
* ogondza (26)
* jglick (22)
* kohsuke (10)
* robobutler (2)
* abayer (1)
* hare_brain (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
