18:00:03 <rtyler> #startmeeting
18:00:03 <robobutler> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
18:00:05 <rtyler> \o/
18:00:09 <rtyler> #topic Last meeting actions
18:00:28 <rtyler> kohsuke did release 2.60.2 \o/
18:00:52 <rtyler> around the dockerhub changes we discussed last time
18:01:01 <rtyler> I have given everybody access that had access before (IIRC)
18:01:16 <rtyler> but I have not yet finished collaborating with ndeloof on a blog post about the change
18:01:29 <rtyler> I know he started a draft, but I haven't seen it opened as a pull request against jenkins.io
18:01:47 <rtyler> that's it for the last meeting actions
18:01:57 <rtyler> #topic LTS status check
18:02:19 <rtyler> it seems that ogondza isn't here
18:02:23 <oleg-nenashev> :(
18:02:27 <rtyler> are there any other folks that could update on the LTS status?
18:02:57 <oleg-nenashev> Some fixes have been backported, but I am not sure the backporing is finished
18:03:09 <rtyler> danielbeck: do you happen to know/
18:03:16 <oleg-nenashev> I see some lts-candidate tickets without .3 decision
18:03:41 <oleg-nenashev> #info https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/3Vz_Db-rNzk
18:04:36 <oleg-nenashev> JENKINS-45057 sucks
18:04:46 * rtyler opens up the ticket
18:05:02 <rtyler> oh that one
18:05:03 <oleg-nenashev> So maybe we want to consider landing a fix from jglick or stephenc into .3
18:05:17 <rtyler> it doesn't look like a fix has even landed in a weekly for that yet
18:06:19 <oleg-nenashev> rtyler: we have 2 pending PRs
18:06:23 <oleg-nenashev> I hope to land one
18:06:34 <rtyler> do you recall from the schedule when .3 is supposed to be?
18:06:40 <oleg-nenashev> Anyway, we need Oliver to make decisions, so I propose to take it offline
18:06:50 <oleg-nenashev> .3 should be out in 2 weeks
18:06:55 <rtyler> ah, so there's time
18:07:19 <rtyler> oleg-nenashev: but regardless of what oliver thinks, a fix still needs to make its way into a weekly first
18:07:21 <oleg-nenashev> Yep. Usually ogondza releases RCs on Thursdays after the governance meetings
18:07:22 <rtyler> right?
18:07:27 <oleg-nenashev> +/-
18:07:42 <oleg-nenashev> Once we merge fix to the master, we COULD backport it to RC
18:07:49 <oleg-nenashev> Not an ideal case, of course
18:07:59 <rtyler> gotcha
18:08:19 <oleg-nenashev> So let's take it offline
18:08:20 <rtyler> I believe .3 before KK gets back from vacation
18:08:34 <oleg-nenashev> KK is not needed for RC
18:08:38 <rtyler> fair enough, just don't want it to get lost with everybody taking their summer vacations :)
18:08:46 <oleg-nenashev> heh
18:09:04 <rtyler> I'm surprised anybody from europe is here right now, it's august, that's vacation month isn't it? :P
18:09:05 <oleg-nenashev> #action oleg_nenashev to follow-up on JENKINS-45057 in MLs
18:09:20 <orrc> Well, oleg-nenashev doesn't know the word vacation
18:09:25 <rtyler> heh
18:09:27 <oleg-nenashev> Yeah, it's a dead season in Europe
18:09:32 <oleg-nenashev> I already had mine :)
18:09:38 <oleg-nenashev> Next one is after JW
18:09:53 <rtyler> alright, that's a good enough segue
18:09:56 <rtyler> alyssat_: you awake? :D
18:10:02 <rtyler> #topic Jenkins World organization/status update
18:10:10 <alyssat_> hello
18:10:22 <rtyler> I know that I have seen some of the Jenkins project's booth stuff, but I figured you could update folks on the activities today alyssat_
18:10:27 <rtyler> we have a bunch planned :-!
18:10:37 <alyssat_> A quick update to Jenkins World
18:10:47 <alyssat_> 1,175 registrations at the moment. Jenkins World consist of 5 tracks: 3 community tracks, and 2 DevOps tracks. 60+ sessions, 16+ trainings workshops, plus onsite Jenkins certification.
18:11:16 <alyssat_> wrt community activities, includes: Contributor summit  info# https://www.meetup.com/jenkinsmeetup/events/241213280/. Currently 72 rsvps.
18:11:31 <rtyler> #info https://www.meetup.com/jenkinsmeetup/events/241213280/
18:11:32 <alyssat_> info# https://www.eventbrite.com/e/2017-jenkins-contributor-appreciation-evening-tickets-32591665549. Jenkins Appreciation evening at Autodesk Gallery If any one here is going to Jenkins World and haven't RSVP'd for the party pls do so.
18:11:42 <rtyler> oh right
18:11:51 * rtyler tries to remember if he already RSVPed
18:11:59 * oleg-nenashev too
18:12:04 <rtyler> #info Jenkins World 2017 is in San Francisco the week of August 28th
18:12:07 <alyssat_> pls do if you haven't
18:12:15 <alyssat_> #info https://www.cloudbees.com/jenkinsworld/awards  The inaugural Jenkins Community Awards. Koshuke will announce and publicly recognize the 3 folks who has done great work for the Jenkins project in the areas of advocacy, security and contributions.  All nominees were excellent contenders, it was not easy for the committee to vote on this.
18:13:24 <rtyler> alyssat_: what about the project's booth, can you share the plan with that?
18:13:31 <alyssat_> wrt Jenkins project booth, on the expo floor - we will have
18:13:31 <alyssat_> Ask the Experts as usual, panel consist of 19 volunteers which includes frequent contributors, JAM organizers and board members.
18:14:12 <alyssat_> I will write a blog to highlight our experts and their areas of expertise shortly.
18:14:35 <rtyler> alyssat_: I think a number of folks here are signed up for expert duty
18:14:44 <rtyler> alyssat_: anything besides our smiling faces and maybe a laptop we should bring?
18:14:48 <alyssat_> and based on last year's success, at lunch time, there will ten 15-min demos showcasing related topics like Docker, Pipeline, Blue Ocean, Git, etc.  Blog to follow as well
18:15:39 <alyssat_> I don't think so. we'll have t-shirts for our experts and goodies
18:16:09 <rtyler> ooooOooooo
18:16:15 <alyssat_> new at the booth this year is PR corner - this will be a dedicated area within the booth where danielbeck (leading this effort) will help show attendees how to do a PR or complete one. The goal is to get new blood to participate in the Jenkins project.
18:16:45 <alyssat_> those are the highlights for JW
18:17:10 <rtyler> any questions for alyssat_ on the topic of Jenkins World?
18:17:47 <alyssat_> hope to see everyone here at the conf
18:17:52 * rtyler watches the clock tick
18:17:57 * schristou is excited!
18:17:58 <autojack> oh that's a cool idea re: the PR corner
18:18:01 <autojack> I like that!
18:18:11 <oleg-nenashev> Any chance we discuss JAMbassador by the contributor summit?
18:18:23 <oleg-nenashev> Seems this thread is dead
18:18:35 <alyssat_> we need to revive this for sure
18:18:43 <rtyler> the latter part of the day of the contributor summit is open-ended
18:18:51 <oleg-nenashev> yep
18:19:35 <alyssat_> oleg-nenashev: let's talk off line on this some more
18:19:38 <rtyler> anything else?
18:19:52 <alyssat_> nothing from me
18:20:06 <rtyler> #topic Infra status update
18:20:12 <rtyler> this should be short and sweet
18:20:29 <rtyler> olblak and I (mostly him) have continued to move stuff over to Azure and Kubernetes
18:21:01 <rtyler> we hit a snag with upgrading our Kubernetes cluster, since it's one of those pieces of technology that's best upgraded with a blue/green deployment rather than trying to update different parts of the cluster
18:21:17 <rtyler> when he's back in the office,  we should be able to wrap that all up by Jenkins World and move a few more services over
18:21:48 <rtyler> we've also recently opened the flood-gates for all plugins under github.com/jenkinsci on https://ci.jenkins.io which seems to be going very well!
18:22:14 <rtyler> I've seen a lot of developers taking advantage of it, and the built-in cross-platform testing the `buildPlugin()` method provides
18:22:29 <rtyler> and the only other thing I wanted to bring up
18:23:02 <rtyler> #info There is an infra status meeting every monday at 19:30 UTC on jenkins.io/hangout
18:23:10 <rtyler> any questions before I move on
18:23:55 * rtyler watches the clock tick
18:24:37 <oleg-nenashev> Do we know what happened with changelogs on Monday?
18:24:51 <rtyler> something happened with changelogs on monday/
18:24:53 <oleg-nenashev> I mean the weekly release changelog publishing glitch. CC danielbeck
18:24:56 <rtyler> oh, the delay
18:25:21 <rtyler> yeah, when I made some changes to how jenkins.io gets shipped off to production, I didn't take into consideration the script on the server side which unpackes the generated site
18:25:25 <rtyler> I fixed that yesterday
18:25:30 <oleg-nenashev> thanks!
18:25:42 <orrc> I haven't taken a look in a while; did anyone get a chance to poke at the board election setup?
18:25:46 <oleg-nenashev> This time the community rating was important due to JENKINS-45895
18:25:54 <oleg-nenashev> Yeah, election...
18:26:01 <rtyler> orrc: that's dependent on the kubernetes work that olblak is doing
18:26:15 <rtyler> he's already taken the original work from ndeloof and prepared it to actually run "in real life"
18:26:24 <orrc> Nice
18:26:25 <rtyler> just needs to be deployed properly with storage behind it
18:26:34 <rtyler> right now account-app is effectively stateless (state is really in LDAP)
18:26:41 <rtyler> the election stuff needs a reliable local disk
18:26:58 <rtyler> https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/INFRA-1127 FWIW
18:27:34 <rtyler> my mental milestone is that once the bloody app is deployed and I can actually /operate/ the election process, then we can do the needful with candidacy/etc
18:28:06 <rtyler> for better or worse, part of the reason this took a while is that olblak had to do a bit more java than he, or I, had anticipated to get this in shippable shape
18:28:15 <rtyler> anything else?
18:28:49 <rtyler> alright, i'm gonna keep moving us along
18:29:05 <rtyler> #topic Jenkins mark usage request from CloudBees for CloudBees Jenkins Advisor
18:29:08 <rtyler> #info https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/jenkinsci-dev/PoxnVCKa9NM/2F2iLlDuBwAJ
18:29:32 <rtyler> this was proposed on the dev list already by kohsuke, who is asleep on the other side of the world right now :)
18:29:38 <autojack> haha
18:30:04 <rtyler> nobody's responded on the dev list about the topic, are there any questions I can answer?
18:30:16 * oleg-nenashev abstains
18:30:19 <autojack> I read the request, and I am +1 to it.
18:30:49 <autojack> meets our past standards for usage of the mark AFAICT.
18:30:55 <oleg-nenashev> I was unable to find any overlaps with existing naming in the internet though
18:31:16 <rtyler> a concern was raised to me privately about advisor being close to "advisory"
18:31:40 <rtyler> insofar that the individual was concerned confusion with Jenkins security advisories
18:31:47 <oleg-nenashev> Also Advisor and Ambassador if alyssat_ plans to stick to that name
18:32:04 <oleg-nenashev> But it's not something really important
18:32:11 <autojack> hm. neither of those seem like a big deal to me.
18:32:18 <rtyler> personally, I don't think this is going to be a concern since our previous conditions with CloudBees have been that "subsets" of these marks are not acceptable usages
18:32:38 <rtyler> i.e. CloudBees messaging should always use the full mark "CloudBees Jenkins Advisor" and never a subset thereof
18:32:57 <rtyler> alyssat_ and her boss are on the hook for policing and enforcement :)
18:33:12 <alyssat_> :) that's correct
18:33:38 <orrc> Seems ok
18:33:46 <schristou> I’m ok with it. +1.
18:34:14 <rtyler> any other questions I can answer?
18:35:12 <rtyler> #agreed "CloudBees Jenkins Advisor" sub-license granted with the previous conditions which have been applied to other sub-licenses
18:35:41 <rtyler> #action alyssat_ to update the https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Approved+Trademark+Usage page accordingly
18:36:26 <rtyler> ogondza: welcome! we already discussed some LTS things.
18:36:38 <rtyler> if there are specific points you wish to discuss, I can bring the topic back
18:36:39 <alyssat_> rtyler I don't have access to update the page.
18:36:50 <alyssat_> Gimme access and i'll be happy to do it :)
18:36:51 <rtyler> alyssat_: alright, we'll figure that out later
18:37:45 <rtyler> #topic Deprecate Remoting CLI1/JNLP1/JNLP2/JNLP3 protocol
18:37:49 <rtyler> oleg-nenashev: you're up buddy
18:37:54 <oleg-nenashev> #info https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/sN2wHHFOJPg
18:38:14 <oleg-nenashev> So I need approval for a potentially breaking change
18:38:54 <oleg-nenashev> I am going to use approach similar to Java 8, and the breakage is actually possible only in the case of custom packaging and legacy infra
18:39:43 <oleg-nenashev> I have got +1s from batmat and stephenc, but I am ready to answer questions if any
18:40:15 <rtyler> oleg-nenashev: the email subject says JNLP1/2 the meeting topic says 1/2/3
18:40:17 * oleg-nenashev noticed "age cases" in the proposal text :(
18:40:19 <rtyler> I'm a little confused
18:40:38 <oleg-nenashev> rtyler: JNLP3 is already deprecated. We just need to do it explicit in Jenkins UI
18:40:51 <rtyler> ah
18:41:21 <rtyler> I think this is an overall positive change so I'm an enthusiastic +1
18:41:23 <oleg-nenashev> It has been deprecated by https://github.com/jenkinsci/remoting/commit/fe2587b7f9d78334e0ab05ab0b95f39b4b600a25
18:41:40 <rtyler> oleg-nenashev: is this something that should be communicated like the java 8 change on the blog and users list like batmat did?
18:41:59 <oleg-nenashev> rtyler: Yes, I am going to write a blog post
18:42:22 <orrc> Go for it
18:42:23 <orrc> +1
18:42:23 <oleg-nenashev> I also have a long-standing Remoting Subproject branch, which will aggregate blogposts and docs
18:42:41 <oleg-nenashev> Remoting subproject will be released as well this week
18:42:55 <oleg-nenashev> If I pass the review by rtyler of course :)
18:43:18 <rtyler> i'm sure what you've written will be perfectly fine
18:43:51 <rtyler> any other concerns for oleg-nenashev about his proposal?
18:45:03 <rtyler> quiet group today :P
18:45:12 <oleg-nenashev> FYI Remoting will be also updated to Java 8 soon
18:45:15 <rtyler> maybe everybody is busy making their presentations for Jenkins World
18:45:43 <alyssat_> 😄
18:46:04 <oleg-nenashev> empty comment?
18:46:17 <rtyler> heh
18:46:31 <schristou> (smiley face)
18:46:37 <rtyler> #agreed Deprecate Remoting CLI1/JNLP1/JNLP2/JNLP3 protocol
18:46:55 <rtyler> #action oleg-nenashev to write a blog post to communicate changes to users when necessary
18:46:55 <oleg-nenashev> #action oleg_nenashev to deliver docs and blog posts
18:46:58 <rtyler> hah
18:47:00 <rtyler> jinx!
18:47:22 <oleg-nenashev> will do it anyway
18:47:36 <rtyler> #info https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/pull/2950 is the pull request for those who may be interested in the changes
18:47:43 <rtyler> thanks oleg-nenashev
18:47:46 <rtyler> #topic Next meeting
18:48:12 <rtyler> looks like August 16th is the next scheduled time
18:48:33 <rtyler> #info next meeting August 16th, 18:00 UTC
18:48:40 <rtyler> #endmeeting