========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:10 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2017/jenkins-meeting.2017-02-15-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Last meeting's actions  (rtyler, 18:00:24)

* LTS status check  (rtyler, 18:02:32)
  * LINK: https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/INFRA-960 is relevant to
    your interests then  (rtyler, 18:04:28)
  * ACTION: ogondza will push 2.32.3 RC tomorrow morning  (ogondza,
    18:06:19)
  * in two weeks we'll select the next LTS baseline  (danielbeck,
    18:06:58)

* GSoC Update  (rtyler, 18:07:56)
  * the GSoC 2017 application has been submitted  (rtyler, 18:09:28)
  * LINK: https://jenkins.io/projects/gsoc for more details  (rtyler,
    18:09:36)

* Infrastructure update  (rtyler, 18:15:14)
  * Every monday we're having an infra hangout on
    https://jenkins.io/hangout at 20:00 UTC  (rtyler, 18:15:40)
  * rtyler will be pushing for better collaboration between core
    development changes and infrastructure changes where they are
    dependent  (rtyler, 18:22:54)
  * as per usual, interested parties are recommended to join
    #jenkins-infra and infra@lists.jenkins-ci.org  (rtyler, 18:25:27)
  * the wiki is perpetually on fire  (rtyler, 18:26:30)
  * danielbeck and rtyler have started doing some initial research into
    what systems depend on the wiki so we can reduce the wiki load and
    get it upgraded sooner rather than later  (rtyler, 18:27:15)

* Should we host plugins with closed-source dependencies?  (rtyler,
  18:33:54)
  * LINK: https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/HOSTING-271   (rtyler,
    18:35:39)
  * LINK: https://jenkins.io/project/governance/#license   (rtyler,
    18:36:37)
  * "But no such plugins will be hosted by the Jenkins project."
    (rtyler, 18:36:49)
  * ACTION: rtyler and danielbeck to investigate whether we can ensure
    OSI-licensed code is being distributed "all the way down" for
    plugins to comply with governance document guidelines around
    proprietary code in plugins  (rtyler, 18:47:07)
  * to summarize, bits being packaged into an .hpi should be
    OSI-licensed (Open Source) to be published through the official
    Jenkins Update Center  (rtyler, 18:49:03)

* Next meeting  (rtyler, 18:49:48)
  * Next meeting March 1st, 2017  (rtyler, 18:50:26)

Meeting ended at 18:50:31 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* ogondza will push 2.32.3 RC tomorrow morning
* rtyler and danielbeck to investigate whether we can ensure
  OSI-licensed code is being distributed "all the way down" for plugins
  to comply with governance document guidelines around proprietary code
  in plugins




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* danielbeck
  * rtyler and danielbeck to investigate whether we can ensure
    OSI-licensed code is being distributed "all the way down" for
    plugins to comply with governance document guidelines around
    proprietary code in plugins
* ogondza
  * ogondza will push 2.32.3 RC tomorrow morning
* rtyler
  * rtyler and danielbeck to investigate whether we can ensure
    OSI-licensed code is being distributed "all the way down" for
    plugins to comply with governance document guidelines around
    proprietary code in plugins
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (115)
* danielbeck (46)
* ogondza (14)
* orrc (10)
* ageer (7)
* robobutler (2)
* autojack (1)
* schristouu88 (1)
* kohsuke (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
