========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by kohsuke at 18:00:22 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2019/jenkins-meeting.2019-01-16-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
  (kohsuke, 18:00:48)
* Recap last meeting actions  (kohsuke, 18:01:16)
  *
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2019/jenkins-meeting.2019-01-02-18.06.html
    (kohsuke, 18:02:08)

* LTS status check  (kohsuke, 18:02:39)

* Platform SIG status report - Java 11 and more  (kohsuke, 18:04:27)

* GSoC status report  (kohsuke, 18:06:13)
  * Jenkins Project will apply to GSoC 2019.
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/dS_NluO4RW0
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:07:08)
  * Application draft:
    https://jenkins.io/projects/gsoc/2019/application/  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:08:22)
  * Project ideas: https://jenkins.io/projects/gsoc/2019/project-ideas/
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:10:42)

* Status report: Advocacy and Outreach SIG  (kohsuke, 18:14:23)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/84vjWz_Ho1k
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:14:37)
  * https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins.io/pull/2034  (bitwiseman,
    18:19:07)

* Update: Hardware&EDA and Embedded SIGs  (kohsuke, 18:28:01)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/a69DXm6qQms
    (kohsuke, 18:28:12)

* Request for Rick to be listed as Jenkins press contact for China
  (kohsuke, 18:34:29)
  * AGREED: rick to be listed as a Chinese press contact in
    https://jenkins.io/press/  (kohsuke, 18:43:16)
  * https://jenkins.io/press/#press-contacts  (oleg-nenashev, 18:43:21)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to write to rick asking that we work toward better
    visibility and more bridges  (kohsuke, 18:44:03)

* next meeting  (kohsuke, 18:45:18)
  * If you haven't checked out, look at alyssat_ 's FOSDEM email for
    events around FOSDEM that are getting organized  (kohsuke, 18:46:41)

Meeting ended at 18:47:07 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* kohsuke to write to rick asking that we work toward better visibility
  and more bridges




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* kohsuke
  * kohsuke to write to rick asking that we work toward better
    visibility and more bridges
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* oleg-nenashev (69)
* kohsuke (54)
* bitwiseman (11)
* rtylerish (8)
* tracymiranda (5)
* markewaite (4)
* alyssat_ (3)
* robobutler (2)
* batmat (2)
* rtyler (0)
* danielbeck (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
