18:00:27 <rtyler> #startmeeting
18:00:27 <robobutler> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
18:00:31 <danielbeck> \o/
18:00:32 <rtyler> #chair danielbeck kohsuke
18:00:32 <robobutler> Current chairs: danielbeck kohsuke rtyler
18:01:10 <rtyler> #topic Last meeting actions
18:01:10 <danielbeck> https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
18:01:16 <rtyler> #info http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2019/jenkins-meeting.2019-03-27-18.24.html
18:01:32 <rtyler> Last meeting was pretty bare bones, I think the only thing we discussed of note was around Google Season of Docs
18:01:48 <rtyler> oleg-nenashev: If I remember correctly, there are a couple people helping with that effort now?
18:02:12 <markewaite> I'm willing to be a Google Season of Docs org admin
18:02:39 <tracymiranda> woo!
18:03:00 <danielbeck> doesn't look like oleg-nenashev is around, so let's move on?
18:03:09 <rtyler> oki
18:03:21 <rtyler> #topic LTS status check
18:03:27 <rtyler> now for the ogondza and danielbeck show :D
18:03:33 <rtyler> **polite applause**
18:03:40 <danielbeck> ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ it's out. update today.
18:03:49 <danielbeck> https://jenkins.io/security/advisory/2019-04-10/
18:04:03 <rtyler> #info Security update went out today with an LTS release (plz upgrade)
18:04:06 <danielbeck> (or not, there's a solid chance you're not affected, like ci.j.io)
18:04:35 <tracymiranda> good stuff
18:05:30 <rtyler> anything we need to discuss for the next LTS?
18:05:53 <danielbeck> no, this was only .2
18:05:55 <danielbeck> .2 updates are the boringest
18:06:21 <danielbeck> barely any new stuff, no new baseline to choose
18:06:27 <rtyler> aw
18:06:46 <rtyler> so nothing else really to discuss here?
18:07:01 <danielbeck> perhaps ogondza knows something I don't?
18:07:14 <rtyler> markewaite: (off current topic) btw, I trust you've already coordinated with Rick and Oleg about Google Summer of Docs
18:07:39 <markewaite> I've talked with Oleg but have not yet engaged with Rick.  Coming soon
18:08:00 <rtyler> oki
18:08:01 <tracymiranda> mark let's also sync as I'm talking to some other docs folks about mentoring/getting involved
18:08:43 <rtyler> nothing else on the LTS topic it looks like
18:08:44 <markewaite> tracymiranda: that's a good idea. My decision to be an org admin was directly tied to your discussions with other doc folks.
18:09:05 <rtyler> #topic Google Season of Docs
18:09:20 <rtyler> so what are the action items on this topic for posterity tracymiranda?
18:09:57 <tracymiranda> I will sync with mark and we will help co-ordinate mentors
18:11:24 <rtyler> anything else?
18:12:14 <tracymiranda> not from me
18:12:30 <rtyler> okie, I suppose we can move on
18:12:38 <rtyler> #topic Outreachy Update
18:13:05 <tracymiranda> OK that's me
18:13:36 <tracymiranda> First of all the last round of Outreachy all concluded successfully, Matt Sicker wrote a post wrapping it all up https://jenkins.io/blog/2019/03/28/outreachy-review/
18:14:05 <tracymiranda> Except for one thing, we have not yet paid the invoice to Outreachy for that round yet
18:15:20 <tracymiranda> I'm not sure where things are stuck so would like some help with this
18:15:26 <rtyler> right , I saw that mail traffic. Were you able to reach out to the SPI treasurer?
18:16:04 <tracymiranda> the outreachy folks offered to reach out directly, which is good since I don't have contact deets for SPI treasurer
18:16:10 <tracymiranda> Is that who we need to chase?
18:16:30 <rtyler> treasurer@spi-inc.org fwiw
18:16:47 <tracymiranda> thanks, I'll help nudge things along
18:16:48 <rtyler> I suggest emailing them and CC the Jenkins board alias, and I'll chime in immediately and say "plz sign the checks"
18:16:59 <tracymiranda> Awesome, sounds like a plan!
18:17:27 <tracymiranda> OK then onto this round of Outreachy then
18:18:08 <tracymiranda> The application process has closed and I am pleased to share that we have had 2 applicants for the Audit Log plugin project we submitted.
18:19:15 <tracymiranda> Matt Sicker & other mentors will be rating the applicants to make our selection, which will be announced May 6th
18:19:30 <rtyler> nice
18:19:45 <oleg-nenashev> Hmm... somebody pinged me. Reading
18:19:50 <tracymiranda> I'd like to thank all the community members who supported all the applicants in making their contributions.
18:20:52 <tracymiranda> Once again we will choose the best candidate and if both are high quality we will pursue options to have both in the project provided the mentors are ok with this.
18:21:20 * rtyler nods
18:21:46 <tracymiranda> That's the end of my update. Let me know if any questions/comments.
18:22:11 <rtyler> the next batch, what's the timeframe for that internship?
18:22:48 <tracymiranda> Internships start in May and end in August.
18:23:39 <rtyler> gotcha, anybody else have any other questions about our involvement in Outreachy
18:24:25 <rtyler> going once
18:24:50 <rtyler> going twice..
18:24:59 * rtyler slams gavel
18:25:08 <rtyler> anything else we need to discuss today, or are we wrapped up?
18:25:40 <oleg-nenashev> Can do a quick GSoC update if anyonwe is interested
18:25:49 <rtyler> let's do it
18:25:51 <markewaite> +1 for GSoC update
18:25:56 <rtyler> #topic Google Summer of Code update
18:26:00 <oleg-nenashev> GSoD was covered above IIUC
18:26:04 <rtyler> correct
18:26:45 <oleg-nenashev> #info GSoC student application deadline has passed. We got many applications from students
18:27:23 <oleg-nenashev> I cannot say the exact number, but I am optikistic about having 5+ projects this year
18:27:26 * tracymiranda applauds
18:27:29 <rtyler> \o/
18:27:37 <danielbeck> \o/
18:27:41 <rtyler> that's as much as we had the first year IIRC
18:27:46 <rtyler> which was a great learning experience :)
18:27:55 <oleg-nenashev> #info projects will be announced on May 06
18:28:24 <oleg-nenashev> 5 projects in 2019 are quite different :) we learned our lessons
18:28:36 <rtyler> definitely!
18:29:17 <oleg-nenashev> But yeah, let's see what would be the final results
18:29:54 <oleg-nenashev> Meanwhile, we have already got around 40 PRs from students
18:30:05 <rtyler> O_o
18:30:08 <rtyler> wow
18:30:54 <oleg-nenashev> So, having newbie-friendly tickets is good :)
18:31:21 <oleg-nenashev> That's it from me
18:32:25 <rtyler> markewaite: any GSoC questions, or do you feel suitably updated? :)
18:32:29 <rtyler> same for anybody else
18:32:36 <oleg-nenashev> Currently I can disclose much details about the projects, but everyone is welcome to read the public GSoC mailing list if you want to see some proposals
18:32:46 <rtyler> can not* you mean?
18:32:48 <markewaite> rtyler: I am suitably updated
18:32:52 <rtyler> :)
18:33:14 * tracymiranda has no questions but needs to learn to use the info tag as modelled so well
18:33:49 <rtyler> going once.
18:34:26 <oleg-nenashev> #info https://groups.google.com/forum/m/#!forum/jenkinsci-gsoc-all-public
18:34:42 <oleg-nenashev> Yup, cannot
18:35:11 <rtyler> going twice..
18:35:27 <rtyler> going thrice..
18:35:30 <rtyler> #topic Next meeting
18:35:53 <rtyler> April 24th looks next up
18:36:13 <rtyler> #endmeeting