<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head><script src="//archive.org/includes/analytics.js?v=cf34f82" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">window.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded',function(){var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app220.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=289;archive_analytics.send_pageview({});});</script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/bundle-playback.js?v=MzYkZ0TU" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/wombat.js?v=UHAOicsW" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
  __wm.init("https://web.archive.org/web");
  __wm.wombat("http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2019/jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html","20211027223628","https://web.archive.org/","web","/_static/",
	      "1635374188");
</script>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/banner-styles.css?v=S1zqJCYt" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/iconochive.css?v=qtvMKcIJ" />
<!-- End Wayback Rewrite JS Include -->

<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:01:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:01:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:01:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Last Meeting Actions</span>
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:01:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">danielbeck</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:01:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Current chairs: danielbeck rtyler
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:02:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I'm going to just assume that it's been so long that we don't have anything to cover :P
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:02:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Today's meeting agenda can be found here: https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda#GovernanceMeetingAgenda-July31</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:02:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> somewhat
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:02:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Weekly release delay</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:02:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> Let's get right into the topics
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:02:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> we have a lot to cover actually
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:02:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> So.... it is getting delayed
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:02:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> hah
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:03:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Hoped to see kohsuke there
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:03:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> this is the DevOps World Jenkins WOrld related thread?
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:03:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> No. It is about the delay of the weekly we expected to have last Sunday
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:03:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> It is not that I care much, but it would be great to get clarity about the next release
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:04:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> ah, so what you're saying is that the last week's weekly didn't happen and you're curious to why?
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:04:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> There are pretty important changes which need soak testing before the LTS baseline selection
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:04:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I;d guess we cannot do much without KK
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:04:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I used contact channels I had, except Twitter
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:04:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I cannot remember what timezone he's in this week, bummer
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:05:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Anyway, working with Daniel to get it clarified
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:05:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> technically I could call him by telephone, but I'll reserve that for emergencies :P
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:05:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Whomever cares about it, let's help olblak to get the release automation over the line
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:06:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> indeed, he's on vacation right now as I understand it
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:06:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> so we'll have to figure that out when he returns
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:06:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> I may ask about a call if there is no updates by Friday evening
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:07:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> hah, okay
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:07:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">oleg-nenashev to ping rtyler about pinging KK if there is no clarity about the Weekly  release by Friday</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:07:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> the only kohsuke magic of the release IIRC is the signing keys
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:07:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> btw release automation is close but we need to establish/agree on new processes around security signing - so job for the whole community
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:08:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tracymiranda:</span> if there's a JEP or a discussion thread I may have missed on the subject, do let me know
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:08:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> anything else we need to discuss on this topic?
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:08:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> nope
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:08:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> just the IEP but we have not made the proposals formally - still looking around at prior art
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:09:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> As a Plan B, I might get other OSS organization to sponsor signing keys
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:09:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ogondza:</span> I hope you're around  for the next topic :)
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:09:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">LTS status check</span>
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:09:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">danielbeck started a thread about the LTS schedule around DevOps World Jenkins World here: https://groups.google.com/d/msgid/jenkinsci-dev/956E3B69-90A4-4897-8023-8811DE8FBD90%40beckweb.net</span>
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:10:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> hello
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:10:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> does the delay in the weeklies affect the shifted LTS schedule?
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:10:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> afaict no
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:10:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> we decided to postpone to avoid conference dates
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:10:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> which was the sole reason, IFAICT
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:10:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> righto
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:10:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Weeklies delay may impact soak testing and finally lead to older release to be picked
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:10:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> But that's it
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:11:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> apart from that, RC will be available as usual.
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:11:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> when would the next LTS baseline need to be picked?
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:11:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> 4 weeks from now
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:11:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Aug 28
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:12:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">LTS release schedule is available n https://jenkins.io/event-calendar/</span>
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:13:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> So we have plenty of time till the selection
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:13:37 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">nods</span>
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:13:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> any other LTS status related things we need to chat about?
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:14:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> We have changelogs for LTS Docker images!
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:14:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> the RC will be out tomorrow
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:14:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/jenkinsci/docker/releases for new changelogs</span>
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:14:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> aw yeah
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:14:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:15:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> hopefully not later than usual, we are holding an internal workshop on JCasC+Job DSL
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:15:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Should help a bit
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:15:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> make sure to use JCasC 1.25+
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:15:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> alright, moving on
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:15:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> lots to get through
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:15:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ogondza&gt;</span> ack
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:15:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">GSoC update</span>
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:15:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> this is all you buddy
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:16:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Yep
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:16:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> So... Last week we had phase 2 evaluation for GSoC. All 5 students passed the evaluation. Thanks to all students and mentors!
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:16:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> \o/
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:16:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> that's great news
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:17:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> hooray, good stuff!
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:17:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> We also had joint summer project demos with Outreachy and GSoC students from other organizations
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:17:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Video recordings: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnoObQqGhyM , https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HlENuZZq7zc</span>
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:18:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I need to fix thumbnails fir videos...
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:18:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> 7 projects were presented in total, we are working to get more presentation for Phase 3 evaluations which will be a Jenkins Online Meetup
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:18:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Basically that;s it
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:19:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Ah yes, Natasha Stopa will join DW-JW US to talk about new Plugin Installation Manager tool
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:19:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> + some community booth activities
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:19:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;natashaaa&gt;</span> looking forward to it :)
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:19:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> o/
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:19:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> thumbs up!
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:19:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> any questions for oleg-nenashev before we move to the next stopic?
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:20:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> will be great to meet you Natasha at DWJW
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:20:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markyjackson&gt;</span> agreed
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:20:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;natashaaa&gt;</span> likewise
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:21:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> For other students we do some planningfor Lisbon
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:21:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> .... next topic?
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:21:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> oki
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:21:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">GSoC Budgeting</span>
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:22:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/MaFMYoo8Nxg</span>
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:22:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/jenkinsci/jep/tree/master/jep/8</span>
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:22:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> ah beat me to it
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:22:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Basically I would like to get JEP-8 approved for 2019
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:23:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> IIUC we are going to use SPI until the transition to CDF is completed, so JEP-8 should be relevant for this year
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:23:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tracymiranda:</span> please correct me if I am wrong
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:24:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I think this is a reasonable approach, the GSoC budget needs require a little bit more attention than elsewhere in the organization
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:24:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Yes, too many requests in the dev list already :)
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:25:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> +1 sounds good to me
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:25:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Basically our budget for 2019 is around 9k USD, assuming that Google payments  go through right this September
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:25:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> +1 from me
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:26:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> any other votes?
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:26:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markyjackson&gt;</span> +1 from me
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:26:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> +1 from me
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:26:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> So the agreement is that JEP-8 is approved for this year, right? If so, I will make adjustements and accept the JEP as a BDFL delegate
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:26:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> do you mind if I propose some slight changes to JEP-8 based on the audit-trail discussion on the mailing list?
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:27:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> sure
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:27:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> just to make sure we're keeping track of things
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:28:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">JEP-8 looks good and GSoC Budgeting can be delegated to GSoC admins</span>
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:28:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">rtyler and oleg_nenashev to finalize the JEP and to get it accepted</span>
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:28:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> I'll get some edits proposed today, and if I get too busy, then just mark the thing as accepted tomoorrow. I don't want to be a blocker
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:28:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Budget approvals for the Community Bridge dry-run</span>
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:28:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> this is another oleg-nenashev topic (woo!)
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:29:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:29:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/ZyLV-FTPbcM</span>
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:29:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">TL;DR:</span> We want to run another Outreach program on Community Bridge (service by Linux Foundation)
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:30:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I'm a big fan of using project funds to fund development :clap:
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:30:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> The target project is JCasC development tools: schema validation, IDE integration, and so on
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:30:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">This topic is discussing using Community Bridge for a single project as an experiment to validate the approach</span>
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:31:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> dry-run might imply to people that we're not going to actually spend money :P
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:31:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> trial run, not a dry run
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:31:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> aye
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:31:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> so on the mailing list you listed a number of options for how we can slice up budget here
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:31:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> what is your objective from this topic in this meeting?
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:32:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Though in JCasC dry run of YAML configurator may imply trial YOLO run on your instance :( In the scope for the project
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:32:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span>  My objective is to agree on the option and to approve it
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:32:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Would be nice to get feedback from others
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:33:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> My preference would be to go with explicit 1500USD stipend and conditional 1500USD travel grant, but would like to hear from tracymiranda  .
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:33:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Jenkins now has a funding page available on Community Bridge, where the project can receive community donations https://funding.communitybridge.org/projects/jenkins</span>
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:34:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> off topic -just was typing that up
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:34:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Well, never hurts to mention
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:34:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> yes, that sounds good - oleg provided more info on details so think that works for this pilot program
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:34:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> what's the conditional part of the travel grant?
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:34:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Maybe we should update https://jenkins.io/donate/
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">18:35:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> steer back on topic kids
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">18:35:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> only question I had was about whether we set the number of weeks or is it still open-ended - I think it should be ideally fixed
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">18:35:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tracymiranda:</span> we target 3 months as a fixed timeframe
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">18:35:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> that's great - better clarity for mentors &amp; interns
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">18:36:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> Condition is basically "mentors are happy with the delivered work" and "student is able to go to Jenkins World or other similar event"
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">18:36:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> so there's a guaranteed $1500 for the work done, and then the travel grant assuming the project has been successful?
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">18:36:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> (a la GSoC)
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">18:36:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> kinda
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">18:37:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Or 2500USD + standard 500USD travel grant
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:38:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> We can also split the payment eligibility by phases if we have concerns. But 1500 + 1500 might be a more simple option
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:38:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> I would prefer this option (from original email) 3000 USD + 500 USD travel grant - Equal to GSoC for full-time, with extra standard travel grant
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:38:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I agree with tracymiranda
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">18:38:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> fine with me
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">18:38:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I would recommend that we structure this similar to GSoC's phases to ensure that we're not just giving money away
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">18:39:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I can do that
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">18:39:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> half up front, and half at project completion
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">18:39:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> that sounds good
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">18:39:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markyjackson&gt;</span> +1 on half and half option
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">18:39:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> anyone opposed?
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">18:39:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> No opposition from me.
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">18:40:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I wonder how much money we have in our coffers BTW
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">18:40:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I'm +1 on 2500 + 500 travel grant disbursed in the two installments
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">18:40:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> let me see what I can dig up real quick from the last SPI budget
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">18:41:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> So... 2500 + 500 or 3000 + 500  ?Just to make sure we vote for the same thing
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">18:41:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> 24741.63 at the beginning of july
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">18:41:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> oh, my bad, was doing shitty math
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">18:41:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> what tracymiranda said, 3000/500
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">18:42:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> so we'd budget 3500 for each potential project, starting with this first experiement
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">18:42:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">18:42:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markyjackson&gt;</span> +1 for half and half of 3000/500 from me
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">18:43:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> any other questions, votes, concerns?
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">18:43:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">18:43:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">18:43:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> again, I want to thank oleg-nenashev for driving these initiatives to help us pay people to contribute to the Jenkins project :)
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">18:44:09 </span><span class="nka">* oleg-nenashev</span> <span class="ac">bows</span>
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">18:44:33 </span><span class="nka">* tracymiranda</span> <span class="ac">claps</span>
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">18:44:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">oleg_nenashev to document the payment process as a JEP draft</span>
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">18:44:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">we're going to do a trial run project with Community bridge, allocating $3500 of budget</span>
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">18:44:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">SIG status reports</span>
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">18:45:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">markewaite:</span> you're up buckaroo
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">18:45:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> Jenkins Platform Special Interest Group meets every two weeks and reviews platform related Jenkins topics.
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">18:45:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> Topics since the last status report to the Jenkins governance meeting have included (1) GSoC plugin installation manager project, (2) GSoC performance test framework project (microbenchmarks), (3) Windows installer progress, (4) Release drafter for changelogs that are more accurate and easier to create, (5) Oracle Java SE Development Kit Installer (was JDK Tool plugin), (6) CentOS image support for Jenkins docker
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">18:45:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> image
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">18:45:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> Meetings are recorded (using markewaite Zoom account).  Recordings are placed on the publicly visible Jenkins youtube account.
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">18:45:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> No Platform SIG meeting the week of Aug 12 due to DevOps World | Jenkins World 2019 in San Francisco.
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">18:45:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> Special thanks to oleg-nenashev, Alex Earl, natashaa, and Abhyudaya Sharma for their contributions to the Platform SIG.
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">18:46:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> end of Platform SIG report --- starting Docs SIG report
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">18:46:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I'm happy to hear that the platform sig seems to be chugging along
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">18:46:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Getting the stuff done
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">18:46:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> Do we have any platform sig members intending to attend  DevOps World | Jenkins World 2019 - could do a platform sig meeting at contributor summit on Aug 12
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">18:46:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> As usual, Trusted CI access remains a significant issue for SIG members
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">18:46:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> Yes, it feels like it is getting things done and helping the project
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">18:47:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> Code signing discussions happening elsewhere are still a topic and will continue as a topic pending the release initiative
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">18:47:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> was there anybody else other than Alex who needed access? I believe we unblocked him
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">18:48:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> We definitely had issues with Java 11 releases. It would be nie to get access for me and batmat so that we can triage issues when Docker packaging release goes south
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">18:48:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tracymiranda:</span> I will be at Jenkins World but unable to attend the summit, I'm teaching a course that day.  Natasha will be there, while Oleg and Alex will not
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">18:48:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> yeah that should be no problem, will you file an INFRA ticket for me
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">18:49:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> We also have multi-platform Docker images project revived thanks to Alex Earl, so we will likely need access soon
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">18:49:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> party time
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">18:49:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tracymiranda:</span> Not enough Platform SIG members attending to make a meeting effective.
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">18:50:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> ok thanks markewaite
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">18:50:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> any other platform sig comments or questions?
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">18:50:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">oleg_nenashev  to request access to Trusted CI for him and batmat</span>
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">18:50:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Java 14 is coming, booo
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">18:50:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> Happy to encourage and offer help for blog posts for the various topics so we can shout about them far and wide
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">18:50:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> +100
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">18:51:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> We have not even announced the SIG formally
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">18:51:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Kudos to markewaite for driving it
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">18:51:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oleg-nenashev:</span> I'm not sure I understand the "haven't announced formally".  I thought we followed all the JEP-4 steps for Platform SIG
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">18:51:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> yes thanks markewaite, lots of exciting things happening there
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">18:53:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> ready for docs SIG status report rtyler ?
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">18:53:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> <span class="hi">markewaite:</span> Yeah, it is just an announcement blogpost missing. We can do "Platform SIG 2019 report" or so later this year with all the stuff done there
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">18:54:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">markewaite write Platform SIG 2019 report to highlight contributions and contributors</span>
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">18:54:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">markewaite:</span> go for docs sig
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">18:54:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> Jenkins Documentation Special Interest Group has low attendance at meetings every two weeks. The jenkins.io docs site has received several improvements since the Docs SIG started.
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">18:54:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> Improvements have included (1) better social media integration with opengraph images, (2) author pages, (3) accessibility improvements, (4) Blue Ocean page styling better matches rest of site, (5) SIG mailing lists automatically included on the mailing list page.
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">18:55:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> Meetings are recorded  (using markewaite Zoom account).  Recordings are placed on the publicly visible Jenkins youtube account. No Docs SIG meeting the week of Aug 12 due to DevOps World | Jenkins World 2019 in San Francisco.
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">18:55:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> Special thanks to Zbynek Konecny (https://github.com/zbynek) for the site improvements
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">18:55:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> Docs SIG is not getting same traction as Platform SIG, needs more help
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">18:55:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> +100
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">18:56:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> end of docs sig report
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">18:56:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> To add more context  there, there were also some discussions for changelog automation and default docs in the Docs SIG. Now everything is available through https://github.com/jenkinsci/.github
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">18:57:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> I love the release drafter automation and the dependabot automation. They make my life as a plugin maintainer simpler and easier
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">18:57:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markyjackson&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">18:57:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markyjackson&gt;</span> and also awesome job markewaite
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">18:57:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> Also, Code of Conduct and Security reporting guidelines are now shown by default to any new contributor/reporter in GitHub
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">18:58:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tracymiranda&gt;</span> very nice
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">18:59:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> Can we cover one more topic rtyler, SIG status report process change?
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">19:00:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> I think we should just move reports to the Dev List
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">19:00:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> Proposed new SIG status report policy: Special interest groups may periodically report their status as jenkins.io blog posts or e-mail status reports to related mailing lists in order to satisfy the JEP-4 requirement for periodic status reports.
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">19:01:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> This would replace the JEP-4 requirement that SIG's must report at least once every 6 weeks to the Jenkins governance meeting
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">19:01:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/jenkinsci/jep/tree/master/jep/4#specification "Report activity in the bi-weekly Governance Meeting at least once every 6 weeks"</span>
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">19:01:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oleg-nenashev&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">19:01:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">19:01:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> want me to jump topics now? we're one minute over time and I'd like to wrap this up nowe :)
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">19:02:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> I'm done with my topics.  Thanks.
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">19:02:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> let's talk more about sig reports on the dev list
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">19:02:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I'm calling it, thanks markewaite
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">19:02:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> Ok
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">19:02:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Next meeting</span>
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">19:02:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> two weeks from is conveniently DevOps World Jenkins WOrld
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">19:03:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I think we should strive for another meeting two weeks after that,  on Aug 28th
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">19:03:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> make sense?
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">19:03:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markyjackson&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">19:03:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;markewaite&gt;</span> +1 for Aug 28th meeting
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">19:03:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> good enough, I'll make sure to update the wiki page after this meeting, thanks everybody for participating
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">19:03:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
<!--
     FILE ARCHIVED ON 22:36:28 Oct 27, 2021 AND RETRIEVED FROM THE
     INTERNET ARCHIVE ON 15:02:33 Nov 09, 2022.
     JAVASCRIPT APPENDED BY WAYBACK MACHINE, COPYRIGHT INTERNET ARCHIVE.

     ALL OTHER CONTENT MAY ALSO BE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT (17 U.S.C.
     SECTION 108(a)(3)).
-->
<!--
playback timings (ms):
  captures_list: 118.151
  exclusion.robots: 0.099
  exclusion.robots.policy: 0.093
  RedisCDXSource: 0.751
  esindex: 0.006
  LoadShardBlock: 100.37 (3)
  PetaboxLoader3.datanode: 147.133 (4)
  CDXLines.iter: 14.731 (3)
  load_resource: 158.302
  PetaboxLoader3.resolve: 76.127
-->