========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by oleg-nenashev at 18:06:03 UTC. The full logs are
available at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2019/jenkins-meeting.2019-01-02-18.06.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
  (oleg-nenashev, 18:06:11)
* Recap last meeting actions  (oleg-nenashev, 18:06:26)
  * LINK:
    https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Approved+Trademark+Usage was
    updated by kohsuke  (oleg-nenashev, 18:07:12)

* LTS status check  (oleg-nenashev, 18:08:07)
  * :
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/jenkinsci-dev/xn3xUE8Y-j8/IeWZBjP-BQAJ
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:10:57)

* Jenkins GSoC: 500USD budget approval for swag  (oleg-nenashev,
  18:11:40)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/p_hRMKfQuJw
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:11:57)
  * AGREED: 500USD budget approval is approved for GSoC swag
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:21:39)
  * ACTION: Jenkins GSoC org admins to proceed with swag production and
    distribution  (oleg-nenashev, 18:22:33)

* Next meeting  (oleg-nenashev, 18:23:02)
  * Next meeting - Dec 16, 6PM UTC  (oleg-nenashev, 18:24:09)
  * Next meeting - Jan 16, 6PM UTC  (oleg-nenashev, 18:24:52)

Meeting ended at 18:26:42 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* Jenkins GSoC org admins to proceed with swag production and
  distribution




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * Jenkins GSoC org admins to proceed with swag production and
    distribution




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* oleg-nenashev (39)
* bitwiseman (3)
* dnusbaum (2)
* lloydchang (2)
* robobutler (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
