========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by oleg-nenashev at 18:00:56 UTC. The full logs are
available at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2019/jenkins-meeting.2019-11-20-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* LTS status check  (oleg-nenashev, 18:02:21)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/2hPMwmZDZFg
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:02:32)
  * AGREED: 2.198 and 2.204 need further discussin in the mailing list
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:08:57)

* Event updates  (oleg-nenashev, 18:09:09)
  * We will have a Jenkins stand at FOSDEM, yey!
    https://fosdem.org/2020/news/2019-11-19-accepted-stands/
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:09:35)
  * Hacktoberfest is over  (oleg-nenashev, 18:10:11)
  * Hacktoberfest top-level stats are in
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/k5KICbRDoz4
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:10:30)
  * https://devstats.cd.foundation/ for those who are interested in
    devstats  (oleg-nenashev, 18:11:47)
  * Don't miss the contributor summit on Dec 03.  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:12:18)

* Trademark usage request: Jenkins Master Class  (oleg-nenashev,
  18:13:28)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/Cq_NQwyLD5s
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:13:48)
  * LINK: https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/qamgkf3E/   (oleg-nenashev,
    18:19:24)
  * AGREED: the "Jenkins Master Class" trademark request is approved,
    with the usual stipulations around properly identifying the mark and
    not confusing it with commercial products  (oleg-nenashev, 18:23:12)
  * https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Approved+Trademark+Usage
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:24:07)
  * ACTION: rtyler to update the Approved Trademark Usage list
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:24:34)

* Budget request: Hacktoberfest swag  (oleg-nenashev, 18:24:54)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/k5KICbRDoz4
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:25:11)
  * AGREED: 1000USD Swag budget is confirmed for Hacktoberfest 2019
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:34:12)

* Approving Browser Support Policy update  (oleg-nenashev, 18:34:24)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/TV_pLEah9B4
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:34:33)
  * Pending PR: https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins.io/pull/2659
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:34:44)
  * AGREED: Approved the browser support policy change as it documented
    in
    https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins.io/pull/2659/commits/08c747ce909d2bdae6dd6ea91c73584e987ab5c5
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:42:30)
  * AGREED: Approved the OS X packaging deprecation  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:42:57)
  * ACTION: oleg_nenashev to follow-up on both topics  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:43:21)

Meeting ended at 18:45:51 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* rtyler to update the Approved Trademark Usage list
* oleg_nenashev to follow-up on both topics




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* rtyler
  * rtyler to update the Approved Trademark Usage list
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * oleg_nenashev to follow-up on both topics




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* oleg-nenashev (87)
* markewaite (22)
* rtyler (17)
* ParkerCB (8)
* robobutler (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
