18:00:04 <danielbeck> #startmeeting
18:00:04 <robobutler> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
18:00:12 <danielbeck> #chair rtyler kohsuke
18:00:12 <robobutler> Current chairs: danielbeck kohsuke rtyler
18:00:16 <danielbeck> hi everyone!
18:00:22 <danielbeck> #info https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
18:00:38 <bitwiseman> hello
18:00:47 <danielbeck> #topic Recap last meeting actions
18:01:01 <danielbeck> #info http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2019/jenkins-meeting.2019-04-10-18.00.html
18:01:04 <danielbeck> no actions
18:01:25 <alyssat_> hi danielbeck
18:01:26 <danielbeck> I think we can move on then
18:01:29 <danielbeck> o/
18:01:38 <markewaite> o/
18:01:42 <danielbeck> #topic LTS status check
18:02:01 <danielbeck> hmmm, no ogondza around
18:02:49 <danielbeck> #info https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/jenkinsci-dev/NKf22rIafiE/0fJFKwCdCgAJ
18:03:43 <danielbeck> I got a fairly late backport in today, and nothing else would be a candidate, so I asusme we're good to go -- but up to ogondza
18:03:59 <danielbeck> #action danielbeck to poke ogondza about LTS RC
18:04:17 <danielbeck> without him around this is about the extent of what we can do now
18:04:45 <danielbeck> anyone else know something, or should we move on?
18:05:48 <danielbeck> let's move on
18:05:54 <danielbeck> #topic Google Summer of Code update
18:06:02 <danielbeck> oleg-nenashev ?
18:06:19 <danielbeck> unsure whose entry this is
18:07:33 <danielbeck> doesn't look like there's an update for this, moving on
18:07:47 <danielbeck> #topic Google Season of Docs update
18:07:51 <markewaite> Google Season of Docs application has been submitted by the Jenkins project with markewaite as org admin and tracymiranda as assistant org admin.
18:07:59 <markewaite> Project ideas are being collected.  Several mentors have agreed to assist.
18:08:04 <markewaite> Next key milestone is April 30, 2019 when Google publishes the list of accepted mentoring organizations.
18:08:10 <markewaite> Timeline is at https://developers.google.com/season-of-docs/docs/timeline.
18:08:21 <tracymiranda> woohoo
18:08:32 <markewaite> #action markewaite submit pull request to propose docs special interest group
18:09:03 <danielbeck> nice
18:09:05 <markewaite> #action markewaite complete pull request to create Google Season of Docs project, similar to Google Summer of Code project
18:09:13 <tracymiranda> fingers crossed we get accepted
18:09:53 <markewaite> end of status report
18:09:56 <danielbeck> thanks!
18:10:04 <bitwiseman> awesome!
18:10:11 <danielbeck> will you post to the dev list on April 30/May 1 with the result?
18:10:17 <danielbeck> or where would the update be?
18:10:37 <markewaite> #action markewaite provide blog posts of GSoD status to jenkins.io
18:11:37 <danielbeck> I guess that's the answer
18:11:43 <danielbeck> thanks markewaite
18:11:55 <danielbeck> moving onâ€¦
18:11:55 <markewaite> Yes @danielbeck that's the answer
18:12:08 <danielbeck> #topic Outreachy update
18:12:16 <danielbeck> tracymiranda you're up
18:12:26 <tracymiranda> Thanks, reference is here https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-dev/9N3C5lMQ1p0/gjE2QvgiDQAJ
18:12:54 <tracymiranda> #info We have 2 applicants from Outreachy for the next round
18:13:26 <tracymiranda> Matt Sicker says they are both excellent candidates and would be up for mentoring both (with support) similar to the last round
18:13:35 <tracymiranda> We have however, only committed to 1 round of funding so far.
18:13:42 <tracymiranda> For the last round Outreachy funded our 2nd intern from the general fund. This round they have had 11 requests for the general fund so will be less likely to be able to fund a second again.
18:14:24 <tracymiranda> So one question is whether Jenkins project is in a position to fund a second outreachy intern for this round?
18:14:50 <danielbeck> to clarify, who's paying the first one? Also us?
18:15:01 <tracymiranda> yes, we pay the first one
18:15:20 <danielbeck> and the question is, should we pay for a second as well. how much is one internship?
18:15:40 <tracymiranda> yes. An internship is $5500 USD
18:16:24 <danielbeck> I think you and rtyler are the ones with the best idea about what our project finances look like
18:16:46 <tracymiranda> is rtyler around?
18:16:48 <danielbeck> I think we were at 30k or something in the bank last we checked? Did CDF change anything there already?
18:17:15 <tracymiranda> no, transistion to CDF has not happened. When it does CDF will have a budget allocation for such programs.
18:18:09 <tracymiranda> It might be good to do this especially as it ensures funds are spent on Jenkins project and do not have to be transferred to the general CDF pool - makes transition simpler.
18:18:17 <rtyler> I am
18:18:18 <rtyler> sorry
18:18:30 <bitwiseman> +1 to using it
18:19:09 <rtyler> we definitely have more than $5500 in the bank :)
18:19:26 <rtyler> I'm fine with two interns assuming the mentorship is there
18:19:57 <danielbeck> Azure will last us through the end of the year, right? We won't need real money tp pay for clouds and stuff for a while?
18:20:24 <rtyler> correct
18:20:27 <tracymiranda> yes, and by then it azure/cloud funding should be assumed by CDF
18:20:41 <danielbeck> re mentorship, Matt did 2 interns before and committed to do it again, so no concerns there from me
18:20:50 <tracymiranda> +1 officially from me
18:21:03 <danielbeck> +1 lgtm
18:21:46 <danielbeck> any other opinions?
18:22:53 <rtyler> dozens, but not on this topic :)
18:23:00 <danielbeck> you have a blog for those
18:23:18 <danielbeck> well, doesn't look like it
18:23:26 <danielbeck> #agreed we'll pay for the second intern if Outreachy doesn't
18:23:44 <danielbeck> tracymiranda are we done with Outreachy?
18:23:51 <tracymiranda> yes
18:23:59 <danielbeck> #topic next meeting
18:24:18 <danielbeck> That would be May 8
18:24:34 <danielbeck> thanks everyone!
18:24:35 <danielbeck> #endmeeting