<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head><script src="//archive.org/includes/analytics.js?v=cf34f82" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">window.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded',function(){var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app214.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=619;archive_analytics.send_pageview({});});</script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/bundle-playback.js?v=MzYkZ0TU" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/wombat.js?v=UHAOicsW" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
  __wm.init("https://web.archive.org/web");
  __wm.wombat("http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2019/jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.html","20211027225746","https://web.archive.org/","web","/_static/",
	      "1635375466");
</script>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/banner-styles.css?v=S1zqJCYt" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/iconochive.css?v=qtvMKcIJ" />
<!-- End Wayback Rewrite JS Include -->

<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by rtyler at 18:01:32 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Last Meeting Actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html#l-3">rtyler</a>, 18:01:38)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Today's meeting agenda can be found here:
    https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda#GovernanceMeetingAgenda-July31</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html#l-7">rtyler</a>,
    18:02:18)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Weekly release delay</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html#l-9">rtyler</a>, 18:02:37)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">oleg-nenashev
    to ping rtyler about pinging KK if there is no clarity about the
    Weekly  release by Friday</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html#l-30">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:07:34)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html#l-39">rtyler</a>, 18:09:17)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">danielbeck started a thread about the LTS
    schedule around DevOps World Jenkins World here:
    https://groups.google.com/d/msgid/jenkinsci-dev/956E3B69-90A4-4897-8023-8811DE8FBD90%40beckweb.net</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html#l-40">rtyler</a>,
    18:09:42)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">LTS release schedule is available n
    https://jenkins.io/event-calendar/</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html#l-53">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:12:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">https://github.com/jenkinsci/docker/releases
    for new changelogs</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html#l-59">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:14:36)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GSoC update</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html#l-68">rtyler</a>, 18:15:48)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Video recordings:
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnoObQqGhyM ,
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HlENuZZq7zc</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html#l-76">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:17:43)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GSoC Budgeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html#l-92">rtyler</a>, 18:21:52)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/MaFMYoo8Nxg</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html#l-93">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:22:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">https://github.com/jenkinsci/jep/tree/master/jep/8</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html#l-94">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:22:19)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">JEP-8 looks
    good and GSoC Budgeting can be delegated to GSoC admins</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html#l-111">rtyler</a>,
    18:28:10)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler and
    oleg_nenashev to finalize the JEP and to get it accepted</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html#l-112">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:28:33)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Budget approvals for the Community Bridge dry-run</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html#l-114">rtyler</a>, 18:28:46)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/ZyLV-FTPbcM</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html#l-117">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:29:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">This topic is discussing using Community Bridge
    for a single project as an experiment to validate the
    approach</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html#l-121">rtyler</a>,
    18:30:57)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Jenkins now has a funding page available on
    Community Bridge, where the project can receive community donations
    https://funding.communitybridge.org/projects/jenkins</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html#l-131">tracymiranda</a>,
    18:33:56)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">oleg_nenashev
    to document the payment process as a JEP draft</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html#l-173">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:44:37)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">we're going
    to do a trial run project with Community bridge, allocating $3500 of
    budget</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html#l-174">rtyler</a>,
    18:44:41)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">SIG status reports</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html#l-175">rtyler</a>, 18:44:55)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">oleg_nenashev
    to request access to Trusted CI for him and batmat</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html#l-199">oleg-nenashev</a>,
    18:50:20)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">markewaite
    write Platform SIG 2019 report to highlight contributions and
    contributors</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html#l-209">markewaite</a>,
    18:54:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">https://github.com/jenkinsci/jep/tree/master/jep/4#specification
    "Report activity in the bi-weekly Governance Meeting at least once
    every 6 weeks"</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html#l-228">markewaite</a>,
    19:01:10)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html#l-236">rtyler</a>, 19:02:32)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 19:03:44 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-07-31-18.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>oleg-nenashev to ping rtyler about pinging KK if there is no clarity about the Weekly  release by Friday</li>
  <li>rtyler and oleg_nenashev to finalize the JEP and to get it accepted</li>
  <li>oleg_nenashev to document the payment process as a JEP draft</li>
  <li>oleg_nenashev  to request access to Trusted CI for him and batmat</li>
  <li>markewaite write Platform SIG 2019 report to highlight contributions and contributors</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> markewaite <ol>
    <li>markewaite write Platform SIG 2019 report to highlight contributions and contributors</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> oleg-nenashev <ol>
    <li>oleg-nenashev to ping rtyler about pinging KK if there is no clarity about the Weekly  release by Friday</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rtyler <ol>
    <li>oleg-nenashev to ping rtyler about pinging KK if there is no clarity about the Weekly  release by Friday</li>
    <li>rtyler and oleg_nenashev to finalize the JEP and to get it accepted</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li><b>UNASSIGNED</b><ol>
    <li>oleg_nenashev to document the payment process as a JEP draft</li>
    <li>oleg_nenashev  to request access to Trusted CI for him and batmat</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (88)</li>
  <li>oleg-nenashev (86)</li>
  <li>markewaite (31)</li>
  <li>tracymiranda (19)</li>
  <li>ogondza (8)</li>
  <li>markyjackson (7)</li>
  <li>natashaaa (2)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>danielbeck (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="https://web.archive.org/web/20211027225746/http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
<!--
     FILE ARCHIVED ON 22:57:46 Oct 27, 2021 AND RETRIEVED FROM THE
     INTERNET ARCHIVE ON 15:02:31 Nov 09, 2022.
     JAVASCRIPT APPENDED BY WAYBACK MACHINE, COPYRIGHT INTERNET ARCHIVE.

     ALL OTHER CONTENT MAY ALSO BE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT (17 U.S.C.
     SECTION 108(a)(3)).
-->
<!--
playback timings (ms):
  captures_list: 424.044
  exclusion.robots: 0.205
  exclusion.robots.policy: 0.191
  cdx.remote: 0.132
  esindex: 0.014
  LoadShardBlock: 197.934 (3)
  PetaboxLoader3.datanode: 237.35 (4)
  CDXLines.iter: 15.172 (3)
  load_resource: 189.618
  PetaboxLoader3.resolve: 111.068
-->