========================
#jenkins-meeting Meeting
========================


Meeting started by oleg-nenashev at 18:04:59 UTC. The full logs are
available at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2019/jenkins-meeting.2019-09-11-18.04.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
  (oleg-nenashev, 18:05:50)
* Last meeting actions  (oleg-nenashev, 18:06:32)

* LTS status check  (oleg-nenashev, 18:07:57)
  * LTS status check has been moved to mailing lists  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:08:13)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/oQ8PD1hgYBE
    FTR  (oleg-nenashev, 18:09:00)
  * Backporting thread:
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/SUl-0uG61Bo .
    Please comment there if you see any issues  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:10:46)

* Jenkins Board & Officer Elections 2019  (oleg-nenashev, 18:11:14)
  * https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/vKi9JpxTQxY
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:11:39)
  * https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Board+Election+Process
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:14:08)
  * https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Board
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:14:17)
  * AGREED: : We proceed with the Governance Board and Officer Elections
    proposal  (oleg-nenashev, 18:23:48)

* : Motion: All officer positions will be voted on in 2019 (Team Leads)
  (oleg-nenashev, 18:24:11)
  * https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Team+Leads  (oleg-nenashev,
    18:24:23)
  * See https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Board for the
    active officers and terms  (oleg-nenashev, 18:26:38)
  * AGREED: Motion: "All officer positions will be voted on in 2019" is
    accepted  (oleg-nenashev, 18:29:08)

* : Motion: 3 Board positions instead of 2 in the proposal will be voted
  on in 2019 (Dean Yu's seat + 2 new seats). 2 will be voted on in 2020
  (oleg-nenashev, 18:30:32)

* : Motion: All officer positions will be voted on in 2019 (Team Leads)
  (oleg-nenashev, 18:30:54)
  * AGREED: Motion: "All officer positions will be voted on in 2019" is
    accepted  (oleg-nenashev, 18:31:00)

* : Motion: 3 Board positions instead of 2 in the proposal will be voted
  on in 2019 (Dean Yu's seat + 2 new seats). 2 will be voted on in 2020
  (oleg-nenashev, 18:31:13)
  * AGREED: Motion "3 Board positions instead of 2 in the proposal will
    be voted on in 2019 (Dean Yu's seat + 2 new seats). 2 will be voted
    on in 2020" is accepted  (oleg-nenashev, 18:40:37)

* Motion: "CDF will supervise the election and run the voting using The
  Condorcet Internet voting system instead of Single Transferable Vote"
  (oleg-nenashev, 18:40:53)
  * https://civs.cs.cornell.edu/  (oleg-nenashev, 18:42:13)
  * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single_transferable_vote
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:42:26)
  * AGREED: Motion "CDF will supervise the election and run the voting
    using The Condorcet Internet voting system instead of Single
    Transferable Vote" is accepted  (oleg-nenashev, 18:48:10)

* : Motion: "The election cut-off date for valid jenkins.io accounts for
  the 2019 election is 1st September 2019"  (oleg-nenashev, 18:48:26)
  * AGREED: Motion: "The election cut-off date for valid jenkins.io
    accounts for the 2019 election is 1st September 2019" is accepted
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:50:04)

* Motion: "The proposed election schedule will start on 13 September
  2019 and conclude on 4 November 2019 with intermediate dates as per
  dev list thread"  (oleg-nenashev, 18:50:34)
  *
    https://groups.google.com/d/msg/jenkinsci-dev/vKi9JpxTQxY/pBidPImHAQAJ
    , first message  (oleg-nenashev, 18:51:00)
  * LINK: https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/9UwmJWJI/   (oleg-nenashev,
    18:51:18)
  * AGREED: Motion: "The proposed election schedule will start on 13
    September 2019 and conclude on 4 November 2019 with intermediate
    dates as per dev list thread" is accepted  (oleg-nenashev, 18:52:58)

* : Motion: "Adding new officer role: Documentation officer"
  (oleg-nenashev, 18:53:40)
  * https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Proposal+-+Project+sub-teams
    - new teams suggested in 2015  (oleg-nenashev, 18:53:57)
  * https://jenkins.io/sigs/docs/ as a new entity introduced in 2018
    (oleg-nenashev, 18:55:45)
  * AGREED: Motion: "Adding new officer role: Documentation officer" is
    accepted  (oleg-nenashev, 18:57:04)

* Voting for the amended
  https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Board+Election+Process and for
  the board election proposal  (oleg-nenashev, 18:57:54)
  * All motions have been accepted  (oleg-nenashev, 18:58:04)
  * AGREED: Jenkins Board & Officer Elections 2019 is accepted. We will
    follow the
    https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Board+Election+Process
    process, with 6 amendments approved before  (oleg-nenashev,
    19:01:52)
  * ACTION: all to send their nominations for 3 board members and 5
    officers by October 04, 2019  (oleg-nenashev, 19:02:27)
  * ACTION: tracymiranda to sync with existing board to get a nomination
    email sent to dev list on 13 sep  (oleg-nenashev, 19:02:44)
  * ACTION: tracymiranda to communicate the Governance meeting results
    in the developer mailing list  (oleg-nenashev, 19:03:12)
  * LINK: https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Board+Election+Process
    (tracymiranda, 19:03:50)
  * ACTION: oleg-nenashev to add key election dates to the Jenkins event
    calendar  (oleg-nenashev, 19:03:54)
  * ACTION: tracymiranda to ensure that the
    https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Board+Election+Process get
    updated after the motions  (oleg-nenashev, 19:04:38)
  * ACTION: tracymiranda to ask Governance board to update
    https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Board : add
    Infrastructure and Documentation officers there + links to the
    elections  (oleg-nenashev, 19:05:29)
  * AGREED: Next meeting will happen on Sep 25  (oleg-nenashev,
    19:08:53)
  * ACTION: oleg-nenashev to ensure somebody can run it, grant
    permissions if needed  (oleg-nenashev, 19:09:12)

Meeting ended at 19:10:09 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* all to send their nominations for 3 board members and 5 officers by
  October 04, 2019
* tracymiranda to sync with existing board to get a nomination email
  sent to dev list on 13 sep
* tracymiranda to communicate the Governance meeting results in the
  developer mailing list
* oleg-nenashev to add key election dates to the Jenkins event calendar
* tracymiranda to ensure that the
  https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Board+Election+Process get
  updated after the motions
* tracymiranda to ask Governance board to update
  https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Board : add
  Infrastructure and Documentation officers there + links to the
  elections
* oleg-nenashev to ensure somebody can run it, grant permissions if
  needed




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* oleg-nenashev
  * oleg-nenashev to add key election dates to the Jenkins event
    calendar
  * oleg-nenashev to ensure somebody can run it, grant permissions if
    needed
* tracymiranda
  * tracymiranda to sync with existing board to get a nomination email
    sent to dev list on 13 sep
  * tracymiranda to communicate the Governance meeting results in the
    developer mailing list
  * tracymiranda to ensure that the
    https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Board+Election+Process get
    updated after the motions
  * tracymiranda to ask Governance board to update
    https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Board : add
    Infrastructure and Documentation officers there + links to the
    elections
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * all to send their nominations for 3 board members and 5 officers by
    October 04, 2019




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* oleg-nenashev (137)
* tracymiranda (49)
* markyjackson (16)
* markewaite (16)
* alyssat_ (10)
* robobutler (2)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
