<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head><script src="//archive.org/includes/analytics.js?v=cf34f82" type="text/javascript"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">window.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded',function(){var v=archive_analytics.values;v.service='wb';v.server_name='wwwb-app211.us.archive.org';v.server_ms=1033;archive_analytics.send_pageview({});});</script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/bundle-playback.js?v=MzYkZ0TU" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/_static/js/wombat.js?v=UHAOicsW" charset="utf-8"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
  __wm.init("https://web.archive.org/web");
  __wm.wombat("http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2019/jenkins-meeting.2019-04-24-18.00.html","20211027214416","https://web.archive.org/","web","/_static/",
	      "1635371056");
</script>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/banner-styles.css?v=S1zqJCYt" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/_static/css/iconochive.css?v=qtvMKcIJ" />
<!-- End Wayback Rewrite JS Include -->

<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by danielbeck at 18:00:04 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-04-24-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-04-24-18.00.log.html#l-6">danielbeck</a>,
    18:00:22)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Recap last meeting actions</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-04-24-18.00.log.html#l-8">danielbeck</a>, 18:00:47)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins-meeting/2019/jenkins-meeting.2019-04-10-18.00.html</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-04-24-18.00.log.html#l-9">danielbeck</a>,
    18:01:01)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS status check</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-04-24-18.00.log.html#l-15">danielbeck</a>, 18:01:42)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/jenkinsci-dev/NKf22rIafiE/0fJFKwCdCgAJ</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-04-24-18.00.log.html#l-17">danielbeck</a>,
    18:02:49)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">danielbeck to
    poke ogondza about LTS RC</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-04-24-18.00.log.html#l-19">danielbeck</a>,
    18:03:59)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Google Summer of Code update</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-04-24-18.00.log.html#l-23">danielbeck</a>, 18:05:54)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Google Season of Docs update</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-04-24-18.00.log.html#l-27">danielbeck</a>, 18:07:47)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">markewaite
    submit pull request to propose docs special interest group</span>
    <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-04-24-18.00.log.html#l-33">markewaite</a>,
    18:08:32)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">markewaite
    complete pull request to create Google Season of Docs project,
    similar to Google Summer of Code project</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-04-24-18.00.log.html#l-35">markewaite</a>,
    18:09:05)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">markewaite
    provide blog posts of GSoD status to jenkins.io</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-04-24-18.00.log.html#l-42">markewaite</a>,
    18:10:37)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Outreachy update</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-04-24-18.00.log.html#l-47">danielbeck</a>, 18:12:08)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">We have 2 applicants from Outreachy for the
    next round</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-04-24-18.00.log.html#l-50">tracymiranda</a>,
    18:12:54)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">we'll pay for
    the second intern if Outreachy doesn't</span> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-04-24-18.00.log.html#l-79">danielbeck</a>,
    18:23:26)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-04-24-18.00.log.html#l-82">danielbeck</a>, 18:23:59)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:24:35 UTC
(<a href="jenkins-meeting.2019-04-24-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>danielbeck to poke ogondza about LTS RC</li>
  <li>markewaite submit pull request to propose docs special interest group</li>
  <li>markewaite complete pull request to create Google Season of Docs project, similar to Google Summer of Code project</li>
  <li>markewaite provide blog posts of GSoD status to jenkins.io</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> danielbeck <ol>
    <li>danielbeck to poke ogondza about LTS RC</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> markewaite <ol>
    <li>markewaite submit pull request to propose docs special interest group</li>
    <li>markewaite complete pull request to create Google Season of Docs project, similar to Google Summer of Code project</li>
    <li>markewaite provide blog posts of GSoD status to jenkins.io</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>danielbeck (47)</li>
  <li>tracymiranda (16)</li>
  <li>markewaite (10)</li>
  <li>rtyler (6)</li>
  <li>bitwiseman (3)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>alyssat_ (1)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="https://web.archive.org/web/20211027214416/http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
<!--
     FILE ARCHIVED ON 21:44:16 Oct 27, 2021 AND RETRIEVED FROM THE
     INTERNET ARCHIVE ON 15:02:07 Nov 09, 2022.
     JAVASCRIPT APPENDED BY WAYBACK MACHINE, COPYRIGHT INTERNET ARCHIVE.

     ALL OTHER CONTENT MAY ALSO BE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT (17 U.S.C.
     SECTION 108(a)(3)).
-->
<!--
playback timings (ms):
  captures_list: 421.395
  exclusion.robots: 0.136
  exclusion.robots.policy: 0.126
  cdx.remote: 0.089
  esindex: 0.038
  LoadShardBlock: 235.333 (3)
  PetaboxLoader3.resolve: 708.054 (4)
  PetaboxLoader3.datanode: 103.353 (4)
  CDXLines.iter: 18.52 (3)
  load_resource: 600.035
-->