<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by hare_brain at 21:02:15 UTC
(<a href="jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">trademark registration status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html#l-15'>kohsuke</a>, 21:03:48)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">so the action
    is for me to finally get the ball rolling</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html#l-24'>kohsuke</a>,
    21:06:13)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">the interim board is willing to accept the
    offer from CloudBees to fund the registration, in the interest of
    getting it going quickly contingent on getting a paper in place that
    the trademark will *NOT* be owned by CB</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html#l-31'>kohsuke</a>,
    21:08:05)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">SFC response / umbrella org</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html#l-34'>kohsuke</a>, 21:08:22)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">So I pinged SFC again, and they said they are
    still reviewing applications.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html#l-35'>kohsuke</a>,
    21:08:42)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">In the mean time, I pinged SPI as well</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html#l-37'>kohsuke</a>,
    21:09:01)</span></li>
  <li><a href="http://www.spi-inc.org">http://www.spi-inc.org</a>  <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html#l-38'>kohsuke</a>,
    21:09:18)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Also, Kohsuke and I had an informal sitdown
    with Doug Cutting of ASF last week.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html#l-40'>abayer</a>,
    21:09:38)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">so the good news is that we have some orgs that
    are willing to take us</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html#l-43'>kohsuke</a>,
    21:10:32)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">So I guess we
    should explore SPI bit further, too, then</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html#l-47'>kohsuke</a>,
    21:12:02)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">http://dojofoundation.org/about/hundredpoint</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html#l-92'>hare_brain</a>,
    21:23:12)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">I think
    abayer and I take an action to write down what we discussed with
    Doug Cutting as the starting point</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html#l-93'>kohsuke</a>,
    21:23:16)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">CLA</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html#l-104'>kohsuke</a>, 21:26:57)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">So yeah, there's no conversation of changing
    the license for the existing code</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html#l-123'>kohsuke</a>,
    21:29:57)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">http://www.oss-watch.ac.uk/resources/cla.xml</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html#l-148'>kohsuke</a>,
    21:34:18)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">(02:49:33 PM)
    abayer: the gist I'm getting here is that an optional CLA would be
    preferable, so now we need to determine if that can satisfy the
    needs/requirements of those parties that require/want CLAs.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html#l-242'>kohsuke</a>,
    21:54:03)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">logo contest</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html#l-244'>kohsuke</a>, 21:54:22)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">infra hardware</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html#l-249'>kohsuke</a>, 21:54:48)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    work with kohsuke to move the wiki to a beefier machine</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html#l-278'>rtyler</a>,
    22:01:28)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    schedule shipping the two additional machines (cabbage and lettuce)
    to the OSUOSL</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html#l-280'>rtyler</a>,
    22:02:11)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    publicly thank Rackspace and OSUOSL for putting up with all our
    crap</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html#l-293'>rtyler</a>,
    22:04:43)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">Rackspace and
    the OSUOSL are nice folks, and we &lt;3 them</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html#l-298'>rtyler</a>,
    22:05:18)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke to
    contact the OSUOSL about increasing eggplant's RAM allotment until
    more hardware arrives in Oregon</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html#l-302'>rtyler</a>,
    22:05:52)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next governance meeting time</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html#l-308'>kohsuke</a>, 22:06:48)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">the next
    meeting is March 30th 18 GMT</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html#l-321'>kohsuke</a>,
    22:09:16)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 22:10:18 UTC
(<a href="jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>so the action is for me to finally get the ball rolling</li>
  <li>I think abayer and I take an action to write down what we discussed with Doug Cutting as the starting point</li>
  <li>(02:49:33 PM) abayer: the gist I'm getting here is that an optional CLA would be preferable, so now we need to determine if that can satisfy the needs/requirements of those parties that require/want CLAs.</li>
  <li>rtyler to work with kohsuke to move the wiki to a beefier machine</li>
  <li>rtyler to schedule shipping the two additional machines (cabbage and lettuce) to the OSUOSL</li>
  <li>rtyler to publicly thank Rackspace and OSUOSL for putting up with all our crap</li>
  <li>kohsuke to contact the OSUOSL about increasing eggplant's RAM allotment until more hardware arrives in Oregon</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> abayer <ol>
    <li>I think abayer and I take an action to write down what we discussed with Doug Cutting as the starting point</li>
    <li>(02:49:33 PM) abayer: the gist I'm getting here is that an optional CLA would be preferable, so now we need to determine if that can satisfy the needs/requirements of those parties that require/want CLAs.</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> kohsuke <ol>
    <li>rtyler to work with kohsuke to move the wiki to a beefier machine</li>
    <li>kohsuke to contact the OSUOSL about increasing eggplant's RAM allotment until more hardware arrives in Oregon</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rtyler <ol>
    <li>rtyler to work with kohsuke to move the wiki to a beefier machine</li>
    <li>rtyler to schedule shipping the two additional machines (cabbage and lettuce) to the OSUOSL</li>
    <li>rtyler to publicly thank Rackspace and OSUOSL for putting up with all our crap</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>kohsuke (120)</li>
  <li>abayer (40)</li>
  <li>_W_ (34)</li>
  <li>rtyler (30)</li>
  <li>magnayn (26)</li>
  <li>hare_brain (20)</li>
  <li>lifeless (19)</li>
  <li>gmcdonald (14)</li>
  <li>olamy (10)</li>
  <li>robobutler (4)</li>
  <li>mwhudson (2)</li>
  <li>prusswan (2)</li>
  <li>ccutrer (2)</li>
  <li>kutzi (1)</li>
  <li>phyto (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
