<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by kohsuke at 23:02:35 UTC
(<a href="jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">proposal for Jenkins governance structure</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-11'>kohsuke</a>, 23:04:18)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">At a minimum, I think anyone who has committed
    to core or any plugins/extras/etc hosted in our Github org should
    have voting rights, and it makes sense to recognize the efforts of
    bug reporters, contributors to the wiki, etc as well. (from
    abayer)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-29'>kohsuke</a>,
    23:09:50)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">tech support on
    the mailing lists and irc, but that's kind of hard to track :/ (from
    rpetti)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-30'>kohsuke</a>,
    23:10:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">that sounds good, it can have a metric applied
    to it, etc (from mwalling)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-32'>kohsuke</a>,
    23:10:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">since we're on github now, what about people
    who fork and send pull request, but don't commit directly? not sure
    if there are many of those (from tom_huybrechts)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-40'>kohsuke</a>,
    23:12:45)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">(in repsonse to lacostej asking why not just
    have a hardcoded list) that's a fair point, but with Jenkins, we are
    consciously trying to have as broad a communitya s possible.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-42'>abayer</a>,
    23:13:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">lacostej: in our case maybe those who signed
    CLA could form the "core committer" group?</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-43'>kohsuke</a>,
    23:13:36)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">I think having
    some automatability is a must in eligibility determination. I hope
    that much can be agreed on by all</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-45'>kohsuke</a>,
    23:14:54)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">voting
    eligibility must be automate-able.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-51'>kohsuke</a>,
    23:15:57)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Like I said, I'm working on the actual proposal
    - which won't be set in stone in the least. This is definitely
    helping shape it, though.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-52'>abayer</a>,
    23:16:02)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">abayer to
    write a proposal of the voter eligibility</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-60'>kohsuke</a>,
    23:17:03)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">why not to have a
    competition for the logo?</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-63'>AhtiK</a>,
    23:17:22)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">The logo</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-66'>kohsuke</a>, 23:17:30)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">why not to have a
    competition for the logo?</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-70'>AhtiK</a>,
    23:17:57)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Ok, so the current logo is, in fact, Microsoft
    clipart. Turns out that we're probably not using it in a way that
    actually fits their terms of use. So we should, y'know, change it.
    =)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-71'>abayer</a>,
    23:18:06)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">I'd still like a
    butler-themed logo - that's an integral part of the project's
    identity, I think.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-75'>abayer</a>,
    23:18:35)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://blog.stackoverflow.com/2008/04/logo-design-contest/">http://blog.stackoverflow.com/2008/04/logo-design-contest/</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-76'>mwalling</a>,
    23:18:38)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">A logo contest
    but with some guidelines ?</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-77'>aheritier</a>,
    23:18:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jenkins lists
    several interpretations for Jenkins as a name (for logo
    inspiration).</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-79'>AhtiK</a>,
    23:19:00)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">at least one person contacted me offline that
    he might be able to pitch in his designer resource</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-80'>kohsuke</a>,
    23:19:05)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://blog.stackoverflow.com/2008/04/logo-design-contest/">http://blog.stackoverflow.com/2008/04/logo-design-contest/</a>
    (from mwalling) <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-86'>kohsuke</a>,
    23:19:52)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">I would say poll
    the community, and if nothing comes of it, hit up 99designs or some
    other third party (from rpetti)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-92'>abayer</a>,
    23:20:21)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">Multiple
    contests, one for the themeâ€¦ and then the actual artwork?</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-93'>larrys</a>,
    23:20:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I've used 99designs once and liked it</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-96'>kohsuke</a>,
    23:20:38)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://99designs.com/help/how-much-does-running-a-design-contest-cost">http://99designs.com/help/how-much-does-running-a-design-contest-cost</a>
    99 designs rate sheet <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-97'>mwalling</a>,
    23:20:46)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">one reason for
    keeping the butler theme is to emphasize the continuity.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-100'>kohsuke</a>,
    23:21:14)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">we'll send an
    email out to the groups explaining why we need to change logos, and
    calling for logo ideas/designs from the community.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-115'>kohsuke</a>,
    23:22:45)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">2 weeks would be
    a good time frame for this (from AhtiK)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-118'>kohsuke</a>,
    23:23:24)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">while designing a new logo it would be nice if
    it has less details than current one. It's hard to scale it to 16x16
    while keeping the integrity.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-141'>AhtiK</a>,
    23:25:40)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">there was
    good consensus to the butler theme, but we are not violently averse
    to other ideas for logos if they're really really awesome</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-143'>kohsuke</a>,
    23:25:54)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">SVG might be preferable.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-146'>rpetti</a>,
    23:25:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">in 99 designs they'll always just give you a
    vector graphics version</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-153'>kohsuke</a>,
    23:27:24)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">I think once we
    decide on logo, we can then ask for the community to try a good
    16x16 version</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-156'>kohsuke</a>,
    23:28:02)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Trademark registration</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-165'>kohsuke</a>, 23:29:07)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">So we need to register trademarks (EU+US, I'd
    say) for Jenkins. That's not cheap. CloudBees has offered to help
    pay for this, but I'm honestly not sure whether that's something we
    want right now. It's important to make it clear to everyone that
    Jenkins is not a CloudBees project - it's a community project,
    independent of any company.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-172'>abayer</a>,
    23:30:51)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Just to make sure, the registration will be
    still under my name, as we planned and said early on.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-175'>kohsuke</a>,
    23:31:32)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">... to be transfered to the custodian when we
    move under there.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-177'>kohsuke</a>,
    23:31:50)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">how about setting
    up a donation for the trademark registration?</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-184'>emanuelez</a>,
    23:32:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">SPI does money handling/donation processing for
    other projects (drupal, debian, etc)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-195'>mwalling</a>,
    23:33:07)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Having a way to take donations is a key goal -
    we just don't ahve that yet.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-196'>abayer</a>,
    23:33:10)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">Which trademark
    do we register ? Jenkins vs JenkinsCI vs ...</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-202'>aheritier</a>,
    23:33:38)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">I wanted to keep
    for post-formal Q&amp;A but now seems a good place: Now that Oracle
    is probably not going to continue its support for Jenkins, should
    there be a more endorsed form of donation? Is there going to be an
    organization who could even receive some financial help from the
    community to support Jenkins? Is there a need for such help?</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-203'>AhtiK</a>,
    23:33:38)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The plan is to be under the wing of a formal
    foundation, be it SFC or elsewhere, which would be able to take
    donations, own trademarks/copyrights/hardware assets, pay bills,
    etc.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-208'>abayer</a>,
    23:34:31)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">But that's not in place now, and we need to get
    the registration done ASAP.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-211'>abayer</a>,
    23:34:49)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">At least a couple thousand $, probably.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-222'>abayer</a>,
    23:35:56)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">so the cheap-cheap online registration service
    for trademark on US + EU is like $1K</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-223'>kohsuke</a>,
    23:35:56)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://www.uspto.gov/inventors/trademarks.jsp#heading-5">http://www.uspto.gov/inventors/trademarks.jsp#heading-5</a>
    USPTO trademark costs, 275 to 375 <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-224'>mwalling</a>,
    23:36:00)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">http://www.uspto.gov/inventors/trademarks.jsp#heading-5
    USPTO trademark costs, 275 to 375 (by mwalling )</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-227'>aheritier</a>,
    23:36:32)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">my understanding is that if you use a real
    lawyer, it's one order of magnitude more</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-228'>kohsuke</a>,
    23:36:33)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">on allowing
    CloudBees et. all to donate to the Jenkins project once we have a
    formal donation mechanism in place</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-238'>rtyler</a>,
    23:37:48)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">so sounds like
    the main question is how to do donations now?</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-239'>kohsuke</a>,
    23:37:48)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">abayer and
    kohsuke to pin down the exact costs on trademark registration</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-246'>rtyler</a>,
    23:38:51)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    research means of accepting donations as soon as possible to cover
    infrastructure, trademark and other costs</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-251'>rtyler</a>,
    23:39:29)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Someone
    (kohsuke)? to figure out the difference between the $1k and $10k
    registrations in terms of what we'd actually get. =)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-256'>abayer</a>,
    23:40:10)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke to
    figure out the difference between $1k and 1$10k registrations for
    TM, and what the project would receive for each</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-259'>rtyler</a>,
    23:40:56)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">Ok, I think
    the resolution for now is that we're willing to take donations from
    CloudBees, but if we can find a way to make this work without having
    to have CloudBees do the actual registration, we're better off. So
    more research is needed.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-261'>abayer</a>,
    23:41:18)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">900â‚¬ for EU community trademark, see
    http://oami.europa.eu/ows/rw/pages/CTM/feesPayment/feesPayment.en.do</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-269'>tom_huybrechts</a>,
    23:41:58)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">abayer,
    kohsuke, hare_brain: figure out  what exactly we're going to
    register. =)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-271'>abayer</a>,
    23:42:24)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">the trademark
    will be just "Jenkins". Not "Jenkins CI", no logo.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-290'>kohsuke</a>,
    23:43:52)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Umbrella foundation</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-295'>abayer</a>, 23:44:25)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">So as we've mentioned, we've been hoping to get
    Jenkins into SFC (the Software Freedom Conservancy) as a legal
    umbrella.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-299'>abayer</a>,
    23:45:09)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">that'd give us an entity to hold
    trademarks/copyrights, take donations, pay bills, etc.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-301'>abayer</a>,
    23:45:25)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">next time, please
    post the agenda</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-303'>uzilan</a>,
    23:45:37)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    prepare meeting agenda ahead of time for the next meeting</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-305'>rtyler</a>,
    23:45:54)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">But it's not a sure thing we'll be able to use
    SFC. They're a little worried about messing with Oracle, they're a
    little overloaded with projects already, etc.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-306'>abayer</a>,
    23:46:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">So I think we need to look into alternatives as
    well.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-307'>abayer</a>,
    23:46:22)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">apache?</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-309'>uzilan</a>,
    23:46:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Just to make sure, SFC is still something we
    are pursuing. I still like the SFC model best.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-311'>kohsuke</a>,
    23:47:16)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">ASF is a pipe dream of mine here - admittedly
    influenced by olamy, aheritier and the swarm of Apache
    committers/members I work with. =) But from waht I know, the problem
    is that we can't get copyright reassignment of the existing code to
    Apache, nor can we relicense.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-312'>abayer</a>,
    23:47:30)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Since Oracle owns (or co-owns) the copyright on
    the code.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-313'>abayer</a>,
    23:47:47)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">I think it's
    worth at least talking with Apache as to whether there's any chance
    we can pair up.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-320'>abayer</a>,
    23:48:53)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">Out of curiosity,
    how hard is it to set up an entity on our own?</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-321'>kohsuke</a>,
    23:48:59)</span></li>
  <li><a href="http://www.spi-inc.org/">http://www.spi-inc.org/</a> SPI
    is the umbrella that covers Debian, Drupal, Gallery, OOo, OpenWrt,
    PostgreSQL, etc, to throw in a third option <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-333'>mwalling</a>,
    23:50:14)</span></li>
  <li><a href="http://www.spi-inc.org/">http://www.spi-inc.org/</a> An
    alternative to the SFC <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-339'>rtyler</a>,
    23:50:45)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">the purposes for an umbrella organization are:
    recipient of CLAs, legal representation, donation accepting,
    etc</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-352'>rtyler</a>,
    23:51:46)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">abayer to dig
    more into what sort of leeway the ASF might be able to grant the
    Jenkins project</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-365'>rtyler</a>,
    23:53:21)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://www.mail-archive.com/spi-general@lists.spi-inc.org/msg01126.html">http://www.mail-archive.com/spi-general@lists.spi-inc.org/msg01126.html</a>
    a google hit for "SPI vs SFC", seems to be semi useful <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-369'>mwalling</a>,
    23:53:42)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://www.spi-inc.org/projects/associated-project-howto/">http://www.spi-inc.org/projects/associated-project-howto/</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-376'>AhtiK</a>,
    23:54:37)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">Codehaus is
    just a hosting platform. Or so I hear. From everyone.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-392'>abayer</a>,
    23:56:25)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">kohsuke also raised an interesting question
    before regarding how much it would cost to set up the org itself.
    non-profit. but maybe even more than the cost itself it's the effort
    and time it takes to manage.... could be too much time to waste on
    paperwork.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-400'>AhtiK</a>,
    23:57:27)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">Setting up
    our own Jenkins Foundation is a last resort option provided other
    alternatives don't work out</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-406'>rtyler</a>,
    23:58:03)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">The CLA - what's needed now?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-424'>abayer</a>, 23:59:47)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">So previously, changes to core required
    submitting a CLA to Oracle.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-425'>abayer</a>,
    00:00:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Obviously, that doesn't apply any more (and I,
    in fact, am going to be revoking my Oracle CLA). So what are the
    rules for contributing to core now?</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-432'>abayer</a>,
    00:00:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">CLA -&gt; Contributor License Agreement</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-433'>rtyler</a>,
    00:00:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Current one is
    http://oss.oracle.com/oca.pdf</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-434'>kohsuke</a>,
    00:00:49)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">So in the interim, do we keep using the
    existing CLA?</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-440'>abayer</a>,
    00:01:46)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">Core contributors
    signing an "intent to sign a CLA for Jenkins" once an umbrella
    organization is found to assign to</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-463'>rtyler</a>,
    00:05:07)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">that reminds me that we need to know where the
    difference between a patch vs a change</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-471'>kohsuke</a>,
    00:06:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">History background: one of the main reasons why
    there was an SCA was because Sun had to change the license for a
    project with many contrbutors and it was a mess.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-494'>pelegri</a>,
    00:09:54)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Eclipse.org projects need to get CLA signed
    only for contributions that are bigger than X lines (sry, have
    forgotten what the X was).</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-495'>AhtiK</a>,
    00:10:20)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Ok, how many core devs do we have in here at
    the moment?</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-496'>abayer</a>,
    00:10:20)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">my opinion is to ride it out until we're
    entitized, then get people to sign CLAs. no CLA, signifigant patches
    rolled back, grumbling, etc.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-504'>mwalling</a>,
    00:11:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">i also think CLAs should cover plugins under
    github/jenkinsci/</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-506'>mwalling</a>,
    00:11:25)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">in practice, I think I personally trust the
    fairly limited number of contributors to core to not screw us over
    in the (hopefully!) short time until we have a real CLA, etc.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-510'>abayer</a>,
    00:12:11)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">JCA -&gt; Jenkins
    Contributor Agreement</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-518'>rtyler</a>,
    00:13:25)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">there are two risks (of not SCA): One is code
    is not of the contributor (and illegal).  Two is we can't change the
    copryight / license later.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-521'>pelegri</a>,
    00:13:47)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">We don't have a
    formal CLA until we have a legal entity, etc. We ask all core devs
    to acknowledge that they'll need to sign a CLA when we *do* hae an
    entity. We probably don't add any more core devs until there's a
    formal CLA process. Pull requests can still be taken, so long as
    they're not huge.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-525'>abayer</a>,
    00:14:31)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke,
    abayer, hare_brain to get a draft CLA ready before we meet
    next.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-531'>abayer</a>,
    00:15:07)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">an addendum - we
    also don't do any massive changes to core functionality until the
    formal CLA is in place, in case of a worst case scenario of someone
    going back on it and not signing, etc.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-537'>abayer</a>,
    00:16:20)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">: update
    http://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Copyright+on+source+code</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-543'>aheritier</a>,
    00:17:40)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">No massive
    core changes until CLA is set up</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-548'>rtyler</a>,
    00:18:22)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">abayer to get
    statements from all core devs on their intent to sign eventual
    CLA.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-551'>abayer</a>,
    00:18:37)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next meeting logistics</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-553'>abayer</a>, 00:18:52)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Just to have some background when to ask for
    CLA - for example, Eclipse requires signing agreement for
    contributions with more than 250 lines. More details
    http://www.eclipse.org/legal/EclipseLegalProcessPoster.pdf</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-555'>AhtiK</a>,
    00:19:08)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">Schedule meeting
    for earlier than 11:00 PM for our european users</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-558'>rtyler</a>,
    00:19:18)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">I'd like to meet
    weekly for the time being - we've got a lot of stuff to iron out,
    etc.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-570'>abayer</a>,
    00:20:42)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">No more
    friday meetings</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-572'>rtyler</a>,
    00:20:57)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">Weekly
    meetings until further notice, and some more things are ironed
    out</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-576'>rtyler</a>,
    00:21:12)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">How would 11am
    PST (8pm CET) on Wednesdays work for people?</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-579'>abayer</a>,
    00:21:23)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingtime.html?month=2&amp;day=9&amp;year=2011&amp;p1=195&amp;p2=224&amp;p3=57&amp;p4=-1">http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingtime.html?month=2&amp;day=9&amp;year=2011&amp;p1=195&amp;p2=224&amp;p3=57&amp;p4=-1</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-603'>AhtiK</a>,
    00:23:56)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    work with abayer, kohsuke and hare_brain on agenda for next week's
    meeting.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-604'>abayer</a>,
    00:23:58)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    post a meeting agenda and accouncement at least a good 24 hours
    ahead of time to the blog</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-607'>rtyler</a>,
    00:24:18)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">Next Wednesday,
    11am PST (8pm CET, 7pm GMT, 2pm EST), for next meeting and then
    revisit scheduling depending on how that works.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-610'>abayer</a>,
    00:24:42)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">Ensure meetings
    are primarily things that need discussion over IRC, and cannot be
    resolved over the mailing lists</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-611'>rtyler</a>,
    00:24:49)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The interim board is all in the PST
    timezone</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-616'>rtyler</a>,
    00:25:17)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">Next meeting,
    Wednesday Feb 9, 11am PST etc.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-619'>abayer</a>,
    00:25:51)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">so use the
    mailing list to lock down agenda of topics</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-620'>larrys</a>,
    00:25:55)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">use the wiki for
    the agenda planning</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-626'>mwalling</a>,
    00:26:25)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">: Open a google
    agenda to share it with everybody</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-629'>aheritier</a>,
    00:26:38)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">proposing to
    allow additions to agenda from the community and just have the
    agenda fixed before the start. optionally Q&amp;A/open mic in the
    end.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-631'>AhtiK</a>,
    00:27:14)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    post meeting notes and an overview to the blog in the next 24
    hours</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html#l-633'>rtyler</a>,
    00:27:15)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 00:27:47 UTC
(<a href="jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>abayer to write a proposal of the voter eligibility</li>
  <li>we'll send an email out to the groups explaining why we need to change logos, and calling for logo ideas/designs from the community.</li>
  <li>abayer and kohsuke to pin down the exact costs on trademark registration</li>
  <li>rtyler to research means of accepting donations as soon as possible to cover infrastructure, trademark and other costs</li>
  <li>Someone (kohsuke)? to figure out the difference between the $1k and $10k registrations in terms of what we'd actually get. =)</li>
  <li>kohsuke to figure out the difference between $1k and 1$10k registrations for TM, and what the project would receive for each</li>
  <li>abayer, kohsuke, hare_brain: figure out  what exactly we're going to register. =)</li>
  <li>rtyler to prepare meeting agenda ahead of time for the next meeting</li>
  <li>abayer to dig more into what sort of leeway the ASF might be able to grant the Jenkins project</li>
  <li>kohsuke, abayer, hare_brain to get a draft CLA ready before we meet next.</li>
  <li>: update http://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Copyright+on+source+code</li>
  <li>abayer to get statements from all core devs on their intent to sign eventual CLA.</li>
  <li>rtyler to work with abayer, kohsuke and hare_brain on agenda for next week's meeting.</li>
  <li>rtyler to post a meeting agenda and accouncement at least a good 24 hours ahead of time to the blog</li>
  <li>rtyler to post meeting notes and an overview to the blog in the next 24 hours</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> abayer <ol>
    <li>abayer to write a proposal of the voter eligibility</li>
    <li>abayer and kohsuke to pin down the exact costs on trademark registration</li>
    <li>abayer, kohsuke, hare_brain: figure out  what exactly we're going to register. =)</li>
    <li>abayer to dig more into what sort of leeway the ASF might be able to grant the Jenkins project</li>
    <li>kohsuke, abayer, hare_brain to get a draft CLA ready before we meet next.</li>
    <li>abayer to get statements from all core devs on their intent to sign eventual CLA.</li>
    <li>rtyler to work with abayer, kohsuke and hare_brain on agenda for next week's meeting.</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> hare_brain <ol>
    <li>abayer, kohsuke, hare_brain: figure out  what exactly we're going to register. =)</li>
    <li>kohsuke, abayer, hare_brain to get a draft CLA ready before we meet next.</li>
    <li>rtyler to work with abayer, kohsuke and hare_brain on agenda for next week's meeting.</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> kohsuke <ol>
    <li>abayer and kohsuke to pin down the exact costs on trademark registration</li>
    <li>Someone (kohsuke)? to figure out the difference between the $1k and $10k registrations in terms of what we'd actually get. =)</li>
    <li>kohsuke to figure out the difference between $1k and 1$10k registrations for TM, and what the project would receive for each</li>
    <li>abayer, kohsuke, hare_brain: figure out  what exactly we're going to register. =)</li>
    <li>kohsuke, abayer, hare_brain to get a draft CLA ready before we meet next.</li>
    <li>rtyler to work with abayer, kohsuke and hare_brain on agenda for next week's meeting.</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rtyler <ol>
    <li>rtyler to research means of accepting donations as soon as possible to cover infrastructure, trademark and other costs</li>
    <li>rtyler to prepare meeting agenda ahead of time for the next meeting</li>
    <li>rtyler to work with abayer, kohsuke and hare_brain on agenda for next week's meeting.</li>
    <li>rtyler to post a meeting agenda and accouncement at least a good 24 hours ahead of time to the blog</li>
    <li>rtyler to post meeting notes and an overview to the blog in the next 24 hours</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li><b>UNASSIGNED</b><ol>
    <li>we'll send an email out to the groups explaining why we need to change logos, and calling for logo ideas/designs from the community.</li>
    <li>: update http://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Copyright+on+source+code</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>abayer (158)</li>
  <li>rtyler (92)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (83)</li>
  <li>aheritier (63)</li>
  <li>mwalling (50)</li>
  <li>larrys (42)</li>
  <li>AhtiK (27)</li>
  <li>pelegri (22)</li>
  <li>hare_brain (15)</li>
  <li>rpetti (10)</li>
  <li>uzilan (10)</li>
  <li>bap2000 (9)</li>
  <li>tom_huybrechts (9)</li>
  <li>emanuelez (8)</li>
  <li>olamy (7)</li>
  <li>mindless (6)</li>
  <li>lacostej (5)</li>
  <li>taco (5)</li>
  <li>calavera (5)</li>
  <li>robobutler (3)</li>
  <li>onlyteo (2)</li>
  <li>atmos (2)</li>
  <li>vtintillier (1)</li>
  <li>fredg02 (1)</li>
  <li>ssogabe (1)</li>
  <li>cquinn1 (1)</li>
  <li>zaphX (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
