================
#jenkins Meeting
================


Meeting started by kohsuke at 18:01:50 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2011/jenkins.2011-09-14-18.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* recap of actions  (kohsuke, 18:02:30)
  * ACTION: rtyler to prod kohsuke and the dev list to guage interest
    for a JavaOne Jenkins Hackathon  (kohsuke, 18:03:02)
  * ACTION: rtyler to move mirrorbrain from cucumber to lettuce
    (kohsuke, 18:07:46)
  * ACTION: kutzi to write down his stble/unstable/failed status
    definition proposal in the wiki  (kohsuke, 18:08:11)
  * agenda is
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
    (kohsuke, 18:08:37)

* donation status update  (kohsuke, 18:08:46)
  * SPI has set up the donation account for Jenkins now  (kohsuke,
    18:09:02)
  * LINK: https://co.clickandpledge.com/advanced/default.aspx?wid=46160
    (orrc, 18:09:19)
  * IDEA: I guess the link from http://jenkins-ci.org/ would be an
    obvious choice  (kohsuke, 18:10:16)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to create a donation landing page in Wiki that talks
    about why we need it  (kohsuke, 18:15:30)
  * ACTION: rtyler to update the IRC channel header to mention donation
    (kohsuke, 18:15:49)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to add the link to wiki sidebar and jenkins-ci.org
    navigation link  (kohsuke, 18:16:11)
  * our immediate goal is to raise $5K to cover the bandwidth overcharge
    bill  (kohsuke, 18:18:13)

* governance document review  (kohsuke, 18:19:06)
  *
    https://groups.google.com/group/jenkinsci-dev/browse_frm/thread/04bbf72c3911ec99
    (kohsuke, 18:19:16)
  * https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Document
    (kohsuke, 18:19:24)
  * My goal is to be able to say that we have "formal document about the
    development process" in JUC  (kohsuke, 18:21:23)
  * ACTION: hare_brain to create CLAs based on Apaches, to be blessed by
    dev list before 9/28  (hare_brain, 18:36:41)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to publicize that we are shooting for blessing CLA
    and governance doc in 9/28  (kohsuke, 18:36:52)

* LTS  (kohsuke, 18:37:34)
  * hare_brain said Y! is tentatively looking at 1.424  (kohsuke,
    18:39:58)

* next meeting  (kohsuke, 18:44:21)

Meeting ended at 18:45:21 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* rtyler to prod kohsuke and the dev list to guage interest for a
  JavaOne Jenkins Hackathon
* rtyler to move mirrorbrain from cucumber to lettuce
* kutzi to write down his stble/unstable/failed status definition
  proposal in the wiki
* kohsuke to create a donation landing page in Wiki that talks about why
  we need it
* rtyler to update the IRC channel header to mention donation
* kohsuke to add the link to wiki sidebar and jenkins-ci.org navigation
  link
* hare_brain to create CLAs based on Apaches, to be blessed by dev list
  before 9/28
* kohsuke to publicize that we are shooting for blessing CLA and
  governance doc in 9/28




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* hare_brain
  * hare_brain to create CLAs based on Apaches, to be blessed by dev
    list before 9/28
* kohsuke
  * rtyler to prod kohsuke and the dev list to guage interest for a
    JavaOne Jenkins Hackathon
  * kohsuke to create a donation landing page in Wiki that talks about
    why we need it
  * kohsuke to add the link to wiki sidebar and jenkins-ci.org
    navigation link
  * kohsuke to publicize that we are shooting for blessing CLA and
    governance doc in 9/28
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * rtyler to move mirrorbrain from cucumber to lettuce
  * kutzi to write down his stble/unstable/failed status definition
    proposal in the wiki
  * rtyler to update the IRC channel header to mention donation




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* kohsuke (111)
* hare_brain (34)
* jieryn (7)
* orrc (4)
* dan__t (3)
* Archfree (2)
* robobutler (2)
* rpetti (1)
* bnovc (1)
* abayer (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
