================
#jenkins Meeting
================


Meeting started by kohsuke at 18:02:29 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2011/jenkins.2011-07-06-18.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* How do we handle pull requests which are pending for a long time
  (kohsuke, 18:03:08)
  * AGREED: the pull request bot should tell contributors that they just
    need to ask in the dev list to get the push access.  (kohsuke,
    18:17:38)
  * IDEA: the bot can and should also make other comments, like "hey, I
    noticed that you don't have any tests for this patch -- see this
    page for how to write one"  (kohsuke, 18:18:02)
  * IDEA: another obvious one is "does this have a ticket in
    issues.jenkins-ci.org?"  (kohsuke, 18:18:33)

* What is the current state of the 'The new EMailer':
  https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/The+new+EMailer  (kohsuke,
  18:19:48)
  * Originally back in 2009 August  (kohsuke, 18:20:46)
  * ACTION: kutzi to update the wiki page with the roadmap/plan for
    email-ext  -> email2core with lots of extension points  (rtyler,
    18:34:21)

* : Infra update from R. Tyler Croy regarding new machines at the OSUOSL
  (kohsuke, 18:35:44)
  * ACTION: z00dax6 to help get lettuce set up with some basic puppet
    manifests  (rtyler, 18:40:32)
  * ACTION: rtyler to properly set up access to lettuce for kohsuke,
    abayer and aheriter  (rtyler, 18:40:52)
  * Throttling crawlers to JIRA
    http://www.theserverside.com/discussions/thread.tss?thread_id=62375
    (rtyler, 18:42:43)
  * ACTION: rtyler to get off his lazy ass and finally order that second
    NIC for cucumber  (rtyler, 18:43:21)
  * ACTION: Kohsuke to write to SPI what it means for them to own assets
    --- any processes, steps, etc.  (kohsuke, 18:45:31)
  * ACTION: rtyler to start a thread on -dev detailing access rights,
    usage policy, etc for hardware  (rtyler, 18:46:19)

* CLA discussion  (kohsuke, 18:46:31)
  * So the current plan on the record is here:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Copyright+on+source+code
    (kohsuke, 18:46:46)

* next meeting time  (kohsuke, 19:02:34)
  * AGREED: next meeting time is June 20th, same time --- 2 weeks from
    now  (kohsuke, 19:04:05)

Meeting ended at 19:05:20 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* kutzi to update the wiki page with the roadmap/plan for email-ext  ->
  email2core with lots of extension points
* z00dax6 to help get lettuce set up with some basic puppet manifests
* rtyler to properly set up access to lettuce for kohsuke, abayer and
  aheriter
* rtyler to get off his lazy ass and finally order that second NIC for
  cucumber
* Kohsuke to write to SPI what it means for them to own assets --- any
  processes, steps, etc.
* rtyler to start a thread on -dev detailing access rights, usage
  policy, etc for hardware




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* kohsuke
  * rtyler to properly set up access to lettuce for kohsuke, abayer and
    aheriter
* kutzi
  * kutzi to update the wiki page with the roadmap/plan for email-ext
    -> email2core with lots of extension points
* rtyler
  * rtyler to properly set up access to lettuce for kohsuke, abayer and
    aheriter
  * rtyler to get off his lazy ass and finally order that second NIC for
    cucumber
  * rtyler to start a thread on -dev detailing access rights, usage
    policy, etc for hardware
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * z00dax6 to help get lettuce set up with some basic puppet manifests
  * Kohsuke to write to SPI what it means for them to own assets --- any
    processes, steps, etc.




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* kohsuke (114)
* rtyler (75)
* kutzi (36)
* magnayn (21)
* hare_brain (11)
* rpetti (4)
* drulli (3)
* vjuranek (3)
* cowboyd (1)
* nigjo (1)
* robobutler (1)
* bap2000 (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
