18:04:40 <kohsuke> #startmeeting
18:04:40 <robobutler> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
18:04:51 <kohsuke> #chair abayer hare_brain rtyler
18:04:51 <robobutler> Current chairs: abayer hare_brain kohsuke rtyler
18:05:13 <kohsuke> #topic fcamblor to report the progress/status on plugin compat tester
18:05:30 <kohsuke> fcamblor: it's your show
18:05:34 <fcamblor> :)
18:05:48 <fcamblor> So.. I spammed here a few
18:06:16 <fcamblor> #info Current plugin compat tester report is available here : http://ci.jenkins-ci.org/job/plugin-compat-tester/ws/reports/PluginCompatReport.xml
18:06:27 <fcamblor> It is a real time report
18:06:59 <fcamblor> (a job is just processing now .... and adding tests results to the report)
18:07:47 <drulli> the report is password protected...
18:07:54 <fcamblor> #info plugin compat tester goal is to test latest plugin version (available in update center) against some different core (jenkins + hudson)
18:08:16 <rpetti> should we be testing against hudson 2.0.0, rather than 1.395?
18:08:28 * rtyler roffles
18:08:31 <fcamblor> rpetti: I will add it next
18:08:33 <kohsuke> I think we'll be publishing the reports somewhere into jenkins-ci.org
18:08:34 <fcamblor> :)
18:09:07 <kohsuke> Hmm, should we really be testing Oracle Hudson?
18:09:20 <rpetti> #info it's probably worth mentioning that Oracle is working on a similar mechanism for testing compatibility with Hudson
18:09:21 <fcamblor> kohsuke: yup ... There are some jenkins allowing to publish things aren't there ?
18:10:11 <kohsuke> I'm not sure what you mean by "there are some jenkins allowing to publish things"
18:10:21 <kohsuke> Oh, you mean, publishing to jenkins-ci.org
18:10:27 <fcamblor> ups I forgot "plugin"
18:10:38 <fcamblor> "there are some jenkins plugins allowing to publish things"
18:11:26 <redsolo> fcamblor: how is the testing done, is it running the plugins unit tests?
18:11:30 <kohsuke> #info If we are talking about making reports visible somewhere in jenkins-ci.org, yes, it's just a bit of backend work, but quite doable.
18:12:17 <fcamblor> #info plugin compat tester macro algorithm is available here : https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Plugin+Compatibility+Tester
18:12:28 <fcamblor> redsolo: yup
18:12:37 <alzamabar> #idea You could use the SSH plugin to copy stuff to your website
18:12:55 <fcamblor> but since <i don't know which version> some tests are automatically injected by the plugin parent pom
18:13:02 <fcamblor> (InjectedTest)
18:13:45 <kohsuke> We've been doing that for some time now
18:13:57 <fcamblor> alzamabar: I was thinking about the Publish Over... plugin
18:14:30 <fcamblor> but it is some infra I'm not very aware of :-)
18:14:38 <alzamabar> fcamblor: Don't know what the Publish Over... plugin is...Hope I'm not wasting your time...
18:14:41 <kohsuke> #info ci.jenkins-ci.org and jenkins-ci.org are the same machine, so the "publishing reports" in that part is easy
18:14:42 <hare_brain> #idea Add discovery of usage of deprecated APIs to report.
18:14:47 <fcamblor> all I can say is the golden things are in the report folder :)
18:15:05 <kohsuke> #idea we should have a bug tracker component for this
18:15:25 <bap2000> dont know about the infra, but can help with the Publish over SSH ;-)
18:15:45 <redsolo> fcamblor: i tried last nights link and the report is password protected, any reason for that?
18:16:00 <bap2000> just use the creds for j-on-j
18:16:07 <fcamblor> redsolo: no reason apart it is a jenkins job resource
18:16:18 <fcamblor> I you can't access the job, you can't access the resource
18:16:25 <rpetti> It looks like there are a lot of errors related to environment problems.
18:16:28 <hare_brain> #idea The test job should file bugs against the plugins when they fail with new versions of core
18:16:36 <fcamblor> It will be solved when upload will be made on jenkins-ci.org
18:16:53 <hare_brain> Or some other way of notifying the maintainers that their plugins will stop working.
18:16:53 <rpetti> missing maven dependencies, clone failures etc...
18:17:12 <fcamblor> #info 4 statuses for each cells : internal error, compilation failure, test failure, success
18:17:36 <kohsuke> rpetti: yeah, I suspect some of those reds are false positives
18:17:41 <bap2000> maybe file bugs once has stabalized a bit
18:17:43 <fcamblor> #info First ball deals with compilation, second with tests
18:17:50 <fcamblor> +1
18:17:56 <alzamabar> #idea Create a subscription list of maintainers on jenkins-ci.org and have the failing job sent an email to distribution list.
18:18:00 <fcamblor> I think I have still some work
18:18:22 <fcamblor> There should be very few red/red balls
18:18:26 <rpetti> Looks awesome so far though. :)
18:18:31 <kohsuke> +1
18:18:49 <fcamblor> but I faced some funny things
18:18:58 <fcamblor> like checkouting from old java.net svn repository
18:19:10 <fcamblor> (I had to replace scm urls for example)
18:19:19 <kohsuke> #action I'll have jenkins-admin create an issue tracker after this meeting, and people who posted ideas can file RFEs.
18:19:55 <kohsuke> fcamblor: anything else before moving on?
18:20:00 <kutzi> Meeting already started?
18:20:06 <kohsuke> kutzi: yes
18:20:11 <peepsalot> i figured out my svn hook issue, had bad permissions on post-commit hook file.  the hook seems to succeed as far as svn is concerned, but it doesn't cause any of my builds to start in jenkins.  is there more I need to do to?
18:20:12 <fcamblor> kohsuke: one more info
18:20:19 <kutzi> #idea announce meeting as 2 PM CEST instead of CET ;)
18:20:42 <orrc> did someone already link to an example report?
18:20:58 <kohsuke> #info the current report is http://ci.jenkins-ci.org/job/plugin-compat-tester/ws/reports/PluginCompatReport.xml
18:20:59 <fcamblor> #info The 3rd icon is there to identify some problems (warning) in the pom .. like bad scm url or user-locked github urls
18:21:19 <kohsuke> It'd be good to be able to see the whole log
18:21:50 <orrc> ah, I imagine most people don't have a login for ci.jenkins, so can't see the report :)
18:22:07 <fcamblor> kohsuke: yup .. olamy suggested to make a div instead of a title
18:22:10 <kohsuke> orrc: we'll make this accessible under jenkins-ci.org
18:22:26 <orrc> righto, sounds good
18:22:59 <kohsuke> Thanks for pushing this effort fcamblor
18:23:04 <fcamblor> #info If you want to contribute, don't hesitate
18:23:07 <fcamblor> :)
18:23:31 <kohsuke> Like rpetti said, it looks very promising
18:23:48 <kohsuke> With that, can we move to the next topic?
18:23:51 <rtyler> kohsuke: the workspaces aren't publicly readable on ci.j?
18:24:02 <kohsuke> rtyler: that's just how it's configured today across the board
18:24:06 <peepsalot> kohsuke, can you help me with a post-commit hook?  i followed the instructions here https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Subversion+Plugin    and the hook seems to run ok, but jenkins is not automatically starting any build
18:24:28 <kohsuke> peepsalot: the IRC meeting is in session, so let's do the usual Q&A stuff after that
18:24:36 <peepsalot> oh, sorry
18:24:44 <rtyler> peepsalot: feel free to join in the meeting though :)
18:25:06 <fcamblor> oh I forgot : there are memory issues on plugin-compat-tester
18:25:20 <kohsuke> rtyler: I can make this workspace world-readable, but I think it's good to clean up some false positives before letting general audience see this
18:25:29 <fcamblor> launching consequently several maven embedder process needs lots of permgen
18:25:29 <rtyler> kohsuke: aye
18:25:42 <fcamblor> we'll try to see workarounds with olamy
18:25:43 <kohsuke> I worry that it's got too many red balls that make people nervous
18:25:43 <bap2000> what about the false negatives!
18:26:01 <fcamblor> kohsuke: +1
18:26:30 <fcamblor> maybe we should cleanup a bit before communicating around this
18:27:04 <kohsuke> #agreed we'll fix some loose ends and check on false positives, then publish this report to a broader audience.
18:27:39 <kohsuke> Anything else before moving on?
18:27:50 <fcamblor> for me it's ok
18:27:51 <redsolo> just that its a great work done by fcamblor!
18:28:05 <kohsuke> #topic trademark registration status
18:28:14 <fcamblor> thanks redsolo :-)
18:28:23 <kohsuke> I don't have much progress to report, I'm afraid.
18:28:26 <kohsuke> I should get this going
18:28:46 <kohsuke> #action Kohsuke to actually start talking to lawyers to file the trademark
18:28:53 <kohsuke> So my apologies for the lack of progress
18:29:23 <kohsuke> But on a slightly different topic, we've been making more progress with SPI as a unmbrella org
18:29:32 <kohsuke> Hopefully more to report back in the next meeting
18:30:01 <kohsuke> And with that, moving on to the infra updates...
18:30:13 <kohsuke> #topic Infra updates from rtyler
18:30:59 <rtyler> oh what
18:31:02 <kohsuke> rtyler: I believe this is about the new machine being brought online
18:31:05 <rtyler> damnit
18:31:11 <rtyler> heh
18:31:13 <rtyler> alright then
18:31:30 <rtyler> #info The two donated machines have arrived at the OSUOSL in Corvallis
18:31:41 <kohsuke> Yay
18:31:42 <rtyler> #info The larger (3U) machine has been racked
18:32:02 <rtyler> #info The smaller (2U) machine is missing some racking hardware, which I'll be purchasing as soon as the chaps at the OSUOSL tell me what's needed
18:32:29 <rtyler> it's not clear from my communications with them how much spare time they have to do some OS imaging on the machines
18:32:59 <rtyler> #action rtyler to work with the OSUOSL to get the new machines initialized
18:33:39 <rtyler> I'm not sure how much time in the near future I'll have to set them up, but z00x86 had suggested and offering some help with some chef recipes to ease management of the machines
18:33:56 <kohsuke> Was he the Apache guy?
18:33:59 <kohsuke> Or was that someone else?
18:34:02 <rtyler> kohsuke: right now we need a test JIRA set up for aheritier, but other than that?
18:34:07 <rtyler> he's the guy that donated the boxens :)
18:34:10 <rtyler> CentOS guy
18:34:11 <kohsuke> ah
18:34:37 <kohsuke> Once the new machines come online, we can start setting up the JIRA instance
18:34:40 <rtyler> did we have other immediate plans for that hardware other than perhaps JIRA and Confluence
18:34:53 <kohsuke> No, that's it.
18:35:13 <rtyler> #action rtyler needs to investigate mirrorbrain failures
18:35:24 <rtyler> we're still not seeing *any* proper geographic mirroring
18:35:29 <kohsuke> #info and speaking of JIRA/Confluence, the hotspot compilation adjustments in VM greatly improved the stability of those services
18:35:30 <rtyler> it's really just round robin right now
18:35:53 <kohsuke> OK
18:36:12 <rtyler> #info we also have offers on the table for two additional european mirrors
18:36:28 <kohsuke> Nice
18:36:39 <rtyler> #info once mirrorbrain is properly geo-redirecting again, we'll bring those online
18:36:55 <rtyler> I think that's it?
18:36:57 <rtyler> for me at least
18:36:59 <kohsuke> OK
18:37:03 <orrc> I have to say, all the Jenkins sites feel pretty fast and the HTTPS-by-default is awesome. great job
18:37:22 <kohsuke> I've been meaning to improve Wiki performance. I feel it's slower than it should be.
18:37:32 <kohsuke> There's some cache tweaking that I can do.
18:37:47 <kohsuke> #topic next meeting time
18:37:56 <kutzi> It's still orders of a magnitude better then at java.net time :)
18:38:00 <orrc> cool. anyway, it's currently a definite improvement over ye olde wiki, and much less broken
18:38:14 <kohsuke> thanks!
18:38:28 <kohsuke> I think two weeks from now is 5/11
18:38:40 <kohsuke> Any problem with that?
18:39:05 <kohsuke> kutzi: you mentioned about CEST
18:39:11 <fcamblor> no pb for me
18:39:14 <kohsuke> Is that the same as CET?
18:39:25 <kohsuke> IOW, should I just write 8pm CEST?
18:39:26 <kutzi> yes, the meeting is announced for 8 PM CET, but we have now CEST here
18:39:31 <kutzi> yes
18:39:31 <kohsuke> OK
18:39:53 <kutzi> I thought that would mean 9 PM CEST therefore I missed the beginning
18:40:01 <kohsuke> #agreed next meeting is 5/11 6pm GMT
18:40:06 <rtyler> #agreed
18:40:13 <kohsuke> #action Kohsuke to stop using CET and say CEST
18:40:28 <kohsuke> And with that, I think we are done
18:40:29 <kutzi> thanks
18:40:31 <rtyler> #action kohsuke to bring cookies to the next meeting
18:40:43 <fcamblor> +1 :D
18:40:44 <rpetti> Are there any plans to migrate off of Jelly?
18:40:49 <fcamblor> and stickers too ;)
18:41:13 <orrc> the next actual meeting is probably in Hamburg, so I'm up for getting cookies ;)
18:41:22 <kohsuke> rpetti: I've been thinking about bringing in additional frontend
18:41:35 <kohsuke> I guess I should end the meeting first
18:41:37 <kohsuke> #endmeeting