================
#jenkins Meeting
================


Meeting started by kohsuke at 18:02:40 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2011/jenkins.2011-09-28-18.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Recap of last meeting's action items  (kohsuke, 18:03:23)
  * and that's captured in
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2011/jenkins.2011-09-14-18.01.html
    (kohsuke, 18:03:40)

* Donation status update (@orrc)  (kohsuke, 18:06:20)
  * I believe the current total amount is still at $3900  (kohsuke,
    18:07:01)
  * IDEA: I'd request folks presenting in JUC to mention donation in
    their slides  (kohsuke, 18:08:02)
  * LINK:
    http://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2003/2003-04-01.wta.2/
    (hare_brain, 18:09:10)
  * ACTION: Kohsuke to follow up with SPI to make sure 5% withholding
    still applies, and finds out the resolution of re-introduction post
    2003/4/1  (kohsuke, 18:14:31)
  * another idea in the thread orrc mentioned is to have some "seal" for
    showing off the fact that someone donated  (kohsuke, 18:15:45)
  * AGREED: we'll ask those who donated if they want their names to be
    listed, and have a Wiki page that lists them  (kohsuke, 18:20:53)
  * LINK: https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Donation
    (hare_brain, 18:21:03)
  * AGREED: we'll ask those who donated if they want their names to be
    listed, and have the donation page that lists them  (kohsuke,
    18:21:17)

* Choosing next LTS baseline candidate (Yahoo! folk?)  (kohsuke,
  18:27:50)
  * AGREED: Next LTS baseline would be 1.424  (kohsuke, 18:33:27)

* Governance Document review/approval  (kohsuke, 18:33:48)

* Governance Document review/approval  (kohsuke, 18:41:10)
  * ACTION: abayer to figure out how to store submitted CLAs in a way
    that doesn't violate privacy, and to have a machine readable list
    generated from those CLAs.  (abayer, 18:48:48)
  * AGREED: rev21 is approved as governance document 1.0  (kohsuke,
    18:57:56)

* next meeting time  (kohsuke, 18:59:11)

Meeting ended at 19:05:46 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* Kohsuke to follow up with SPI to make sure 5% withholding still
  applies, and finds out the resolution of re-introduction post 2003/4/1
* abayer to figure out how to store submitted CLAs in a way that doesn't
  violate privacy, and to have a machine readable list generated from
  those CLAs.




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* abayer
  * abayer to figure out how to store submitted CLAs in a way that
    doesn't violate privacy, and to have a machine readable list
    generated from those CLAs.
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * Kohsuke to follow up with SPI to make sure 5% withholding still
    applies, and finds out the resolution of re-introduction post
    2003/4/1




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* kohsuke (110)
* hare_brain (59)
* abayer (27)
* rtyler (14)
* vjuranek (13)
* orrc (10)
* imod (4)
* mwalling (3)
* robobutler (2)
* kinow_ (2)
* jenkins-admin (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
