======================================
#jenkins: March 2nd Governance Meeting
======================================


Meeting started by rtyler at 19:02:11 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2011/jenkins.2011-03-02-19.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Discuss what updates should be made to Copyright on source code
  (rtyler, 19:02:27)
  * LINK: http://meetbot.debian.net/Manual.html   (rtyler, 19:02:42)
  * First of all, agendas will be up at
    http://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
    - feel free to add items to future agendas.  (abayer, 19:02:53)
  * http://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Copyright+on+source+code
    is our current info.  (abayer, 19:04:26)
  * IDEA: Provide a link the the Apache CLA on the Copyright wiki so
    people can see where we're going  (hare_brain, 19:06:48)
  * ACTION: hare_brain to update the copyright wiki entry with the
    above. =)  (abayer, 19:07:20)
  * IDEA: should we say we highly recommend adding <license> in POM?
    (kohsuke2, 19:13:04)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/hudson/hudson/commit/1fade2d2567831c1c7e6d0ef602903e424fbf44a#diff-10
    (fcamblor, 19:17:00)

* the stable-branch/endorsed-release discussion  (rtyler, 19:18:05)
  * The model behind "older but stable" was that I picked a bit old but
    stable-looking release in retrospect  (kohsuke2, 19:21:42)
  * IDEA: Every X weeks, the core devs vote as to whether to promote a
    release from a few weeks earlier to be the new "stable" release.
    (abayer, 19:22:11)
  * so sounds like a consensus is around voting/blessing a release as
    stable, then produce patch releases only with important bug fixes
    (kohsuke2, 19:32:34)
  * we are also mindful that we aren't entirely sure how much work this
    entails  (kohsuke2, 19:33:17)
  * IDEA: Everyâ€¦3? months, community/devs bless a 2+ month old release
    as the "known quantity" release. Until the next "known quantity"
    release, it'll be possible for absolutely critical bug fixes to core
    to be backported and a new version of the known quantity
    re-released.  (abayer, 19:33:40)
  * AGREED: we'll start with 3 month cycle for stable release and see
    how that goes  (kohsuke2, 19:36:26)
  * ACTION: A thread on the mailing list to talk about what work will be
    done to get the stable release stuff in place (update center
    changes, qualification process, etc)  (abayer, 19:37:34)
  * IDEA: changelog entries that are marked "major bug" as candidates
    for backporting?  (hare_brain, 19:38:20)
  * IDEA: I think the stable release line would be good release train to
    tie in the "community acceptance test" effort  (kohsuke2, 19:39:59)
  * ACTION: aheritier working on proposal for actually splitting JENKINS
    JIRA into core/infra/plugins.  (abayer, 19:42:54)

* Update on the long-term governance plans / progress on umbrella
  organisation  (kohsuke2, 19:46:30)

* Update on the long-term governance plans  (kohsuke2, 19:46:39)
  * AGREED: abayer sucks, and has been busy  (rtyler, 19:47:20)

* progress on umbrella organisation  (kohsuke2, 19:48:34)
  * we've applied to SFC, and we are still not hearing back  (kohsuke2,
    19:49:04)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to ping SFC on our current status  (kohsuke2,
    19:49:14)
  * LINK: http://www.spi-inc.org/   (kohsuke2, 19:49:57)
  * LINK: http://sfconservancy.org/   (kohsuke2, 19:50:58)

* updates on logo contest  (kohsuke2, 19:52:59)
  * I extended the logo submission deadline through friday, 'cos I got a
    bunch over the weekend and into Monday.  (abayer, 19:53:27)
  * this weekend, I'll be putting up a post on jenkins-ci.org with all
    the entries, and a poll for everyone to vote for their favorite.
    (abayer, 19:53:56)
  * 99designs start from $300 and we don't have to pay if we don't pick
    it  (kohsuke2, 19:56:11)

* Trademark!  (abayer, 19:56:28)
  * ACTION: kohsuke and abayer to talk tonight about trademark stuff and
    get the ball rolling.  (abayer, 20:01:32)

* Next meeting.  (abayer, 20:01:49)
  * Let's go bi-weekly - next meeting in two weeks, Wed, March 16th
    (abayer, 20:02:04)
  * IDEA: Tentative agenda items: JIRA split proposal discussion, update
    on trademark.  (abayer, 20:03:15)
  * AGREED: March 16th 1pm PST / 10pm CET / 9pm GMT  (kohsuke2,
    20:06:37)

Meeting ended at 20:07:17 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* hare_brain to update the copyright wiki entry with the above. =)
* A thread on the mailing list to talk about what work will be done to
  get the stable release stuff in place (update center changes,
  qualification process, etc)
* aheritier working on proposal for actually splitting JENKINS JIRA into
  core/infra/plugins.
* kohsuke to ping SFC on our current status
* kohsuke and abayer to talk tonight about trademark stuff and get the
  ball rolling.




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* abayer
  * kohsuke and abayer to talk tonight about trademark stuff and get the
    ball rolling.
* aheritier
  * aheritier working on proposal for actually splitting JENKINS JIRA
    into core/infra/plugins.
* hare_brain
  * hare_brain to update the copyright wiki entry with the above. =)
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * A thread on the mailing list to talk about what work will be done to
    get the stable release stuff in place (update center changes,
    qualification process, etc)
  * kohsuke to ping SFC on our current status




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* kohsuke2 (110)
* abayer (85)
* aheritier (44)
* hare_brain (42)
* Squee-D (36)
* rtyler (22)
* jieryn-w (11)
* eric_n_dfw (8)
* robobutler (4)
* redsolo (3)
* fcamblor (3)
* kutzi (3)
* makeusabrew (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
