<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by rtyler at 18:01:44 UTC
(<a href="jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">the agenda, as per usual is located on the
    wiki:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-6'>rtyler</a>,
    18:02:19)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">permalink from jenkins-ci.org to his book</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-18'>kohsuke</a>, 18:03:38)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED"></span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-28'>rtyler</a>,
    18:04:39)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">hardware access for drulli and olamy (primarily eggplant)</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-29'>kohsuke</a>, 18:04:57)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    link wakeleo's book as well as Simon's book "Continuous Integration
    with Hudson"</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-30'>rtyler</a>,
    18:05:00)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">we ask John
    to kindly update the URL to say jenkins</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-35'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:05:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">There is infra wiki space that captures some of
    the basic operations like restart</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-47'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:07:09)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    grant drulli and olamy access to eggplant for JIRA/Confluence
    admin</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-60'>rtyler</a>,
    18:09:20)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Can the localization committers push their changes directly? If so, please put the approval in the record(from tyuki39)</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-68'>kohsuke</a>, 18:10:08)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">Please push
    right away. "someone is going to localize my plugin for me? sounds
    great"</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-85'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:12:34)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Kohsuke to
    update a Wiki page to encourage l10n to be pushed directly</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-89'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:13:26)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Kohsuke to
    also write a note that l10n contributiors sshouldn't unilatelarly
    release a new version</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-96'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:14:00)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Discuss status on the JenkinsCI cafe press store</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-97'>kohsuke</a>, 18:14:08)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">So I just created
    http://www.cafepress.com/jenkinsci</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-98'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:14:25)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">see
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Logo for the license of
    the logo</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-127'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:17:51)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">discuss progress with SFC/SPI/ASF/EF regarding an umbrella organization</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-133'>kohsuke</a>, 18:18:42)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">infra update from rtyler</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-137'>kohsuke</a>, 18:19:05)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">We have one 3U machine racked at the OSUOSL
    waiting for an OS installation</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-143'>rtyler</a>,
    18:19:30)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The original datacenter completely botched
    shipping rails for the 2U machine (cabbage)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-146'>rtyler</a>,
    18:19:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">They'll hopefully be sending those along
    soon</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-147'>rtyler</a>,
    18:19:57)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Our MirrorBrain installation is still broken in
    that it's not geolocating properly</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-151'>rtyler</a>,
    18:20:38)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Because of this, we still have disabled all
    international mirrors (for speed concerns in our round-robin
    setup)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-153'>rtyler</a>,
    18:20:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We have free backup provided by Contegix.com,
    unfortunately I've got to get some more parts to the data center to
    get that going</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-164'>rtyler</a>,
    18:22:02)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    order and ship a new NIC to Contegix to get proper backups of
    cucumber setup</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-165'>rtyler</a>,
    18:22:15)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">that reminds me
    that "we love you Contegix/Rackspace/OSUOSL" post is badly
    needed</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-168'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:22:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Yes, the database and attachments in the file
    system are both backed up</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-170'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:23:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Contegix has also graciously bumped our
    bandwidth allocated up to 1TB *free* for the month</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-171'>rtyler</a>,
    18:23:14)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler still
    working on offsite backups for cucumber</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-174'>rtyler</a>,
    18:24:00)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    send change-order for 1TB of free bandwidth per month to the Jenkins
    project</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-178'>rtyler</a>,
    18:24:19)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Discuss progress with SFC/SPI/ASF/EF regarding an umbrella organization</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-186'>kohsuke</a>, 18:25:35)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">There is a resolution for the board meeting at
    SPI which should be happening today</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-196'>rtyler</a>,
    18:26:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">the spi meeting is at `date -d @1305145800` in
    #spi on irc.oftc.net</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-209'>mwalling</a>,
    18:28:59)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">abayer to
    start a wiki page on "things needed" by an overarching org, whether
    it be Eclipse, ASF, etc</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-257'>rtyler</a>,
    18:35:15)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We are currently courting both the SFC and
    SPI</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-284'>rtyler</a>,
    18:39:08)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">on everything
    abayer just said :P</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-319'>rtyler</a>,
    18:44:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">our european users, I appreciate you taking
    time out of your evenings to join in the discussion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-449'>rtyler</a>,
    19:01:37)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">abayer to
    start a wiki entry for coming up with the requirements we'd have to
    work with the Hudson guys again.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-456'>abayer</a>,
    19:03:05)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">abayer to
    start wiki entries on the plusses/minuses of the potential
    foundations.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-458'>abayer</a>,
    19:03:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Eclipse proposal review is 30 days(?), so we
    need to work on this quickly</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-466'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:04:54)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2011/jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.html">http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2011/jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.html</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-469'>rtyler</a>,
    19:05:12)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">next meeting time</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-478'>kohsuke</a>, 19:06:34)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Next meeting May 24th at 9am PST 16:00
    UTC</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-543'>rtyler</a>,
    19:16:28)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED"></span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-551'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:17:03)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED"></span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html#l-552'>abayer</a>,
    19:17:07)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 19:17:30 UTC
(<a href="jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler to link wakeleo's book as well as Simon's book "Continuous Integration with Hudson"</li>
  <li>we ask John to kindly update the URL to say jenkins</li>
  <li>rtyler to grant drulli and olamy access to eggplant for JIRA/Confluence admin</li>
  <li>Kohsuke to update a Wiki page to encourage l10n to be pushed directly</li>
  <li>Kohsuke to also write a note that l10n contributiors sshouldn't unilatelarly release a new version</li>
  <li>rtyler to order and ship a new NIC to Contegix to get proper backups of cucumber setup</li>
  <li>rtyler still working on offsite backups for cucumber</li>
  <li>rtyler to send change-order for 1TB of free bandwidth per month to the Jenkins project</li>
  <li>abayer to start a wiki page on "things needed" by an overarching org, whether it be Eclipse, ASF, etc</li>
  <li>abayer to start a wiki entry for coming up with the requirements we'd have to work with the Hudson guys again.</li>
  <li>abayer to start wiki entries on the plusses/minuses of the potential foundations.</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> abayer <ol>
    <li>abayer to start a wiki page on "things needed" by an overarching org, whether it be Eclipse, ASF, etc</li>
    <li>abayer to start a wiki entry for coming up with the requirements we'd have to work with the Hudson guys again.</li>
    <li>abayer to start wiki entries on the plusses/minuses of the potential foundations.</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> olamy <ol>
    <li>rtyler to grant drulli and olamy access to eggplant for JIRA/Confluence admin</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rtyler <ol>
    <li>rtyler to link wakeleo's book as well as Simon's book "Continuous Integration with Hudson"</li>
    <li>rtyler to grant drulli and olamy access to eggplant for JIRA/Confluence admin</li>
    <li>rtyler to order and ship a new NIC to Contegix to get proper backups of cucumber setup</li>
    <li>rtyler still working on offsite backups for cucumber</li>
    <li>rtyler to send change-order for 1TB of free bandwidth per month to the Jenkins project</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li><b>UNASSIGNED</b><ol>
    <li>we ask John to kindly update the URL to say jenkins</li>
    <li>Kohsuke to update a Wiki page to encourage l10n to be pushed directly</li>
    <li>Kohsuke to also write a note that l10n contributiors sshouldn't unilatelarly release a new version</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (169)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (101)</li>
  <li>abayer (74)</li>
  <li>aheritier (48)</li>
  <li>magnayn (39)</li>
  <li>zx (19)</li>
  <li>jieryn (15)</li>
  <li>d_a_carver (14)</li>
  <li>hare_brain_ (13)</li>
  <li>phyto (13)</li>
  <li>mwalling (9)</li>
  <li>domi_ (7)</li>
  <li>ndeloof (6)</li>
  <li>Lmtd_Atonement (5)</li>
  <li>lunks (4)</li>
  <li>kreyssel (4)</li>
  <li>billbillingsly (4)</li>
  <li>kutzi (4)</li>
  <li>aheritier_ (2)</li>
  <li>robobutler (2)</li>
  <li>larrys (2)</li>
  <li>btrim (1)</li>
  <li>rcjsuen (1)</li>
  <li>cybernd (1)</li>
  <li>bap2000 (1)</li>
  <li>olamy (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
