================
#jenkins Meeting
================


Meeting started by kohsuke at 18:04:40 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2011/jenkins.2011-04-27-18.04.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* fcamblor to report the progress/status on plugin compat tester
  (kohsuke, 18:05:13)
  * Current plugin compat tester report is available here :
    http://ci.jenkins-ci.org/job/plugin-compat-tester/ws/reports/PluginCompatReport.xml
    (fcamblor, 18:06:16)
  * plugin compat tester goal is to test latest plugin version
    (available in update center) against some different core (jenkins +
    hudson)  (fcamblor, 18:07:54)
  * it's probably worth mentioning that Oracle is working on a similar
    mechanism for testing compatibility with Hudson  (rpetti, 18:09:20)
  * If we are talking about making reports visible somewhere in
    jenkins-ci.org, yes, it's just a bit of backend work, but quite
    doable.  (kohsuke, 18:11:30)
  * plugin compat tester macro algorithm is available here :
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Plugin+Compatibility+Tester
    (fcamblor, 18:12:17)
  * IDEA: You could use the SSH plugin to copy stuff to your website
    (alzamabar, 18:12:37)
  * ci.jenkins-ci.org and jenkins-ci.org are the same machine, so the
    "publishing reports" in that part is easy  (kohsuke, 18:14:41)
  * IDEA: Add discovery of usage of deprecated APIs to report.
    (hare_brain, 18:14:42)
  * IDEA: we should have a bug tracker component for this  (kohsuke,
    18:15:05)
  * IDEA: The test job should file bugs against the plugins when they
    fail with new versions of core  (hare_brain, 18:16:28)
  * 4 statuses for each cells : internal error, compilation failure,
    test failure, success  (fcamblor, 18:17:12)
  * First ball deals with compilation, second with tests  (fcamblor,
    18:17:43)
  * IDEA: Create a subscription list of maintainers on jenkins-ci.org
    and have the failing job sent an email to distribution list.
    (alzamabar, 18:17:56)
  * ACTION: I'll have jenkins-admin create an issue tracker after this
    meeting, and people who posted ideas can file RFEs.  (kohsuke,
    18:19:19)
  * IDEA: announce meeting as 2 PM CEST instead of CET ;)  (kutzi,
    18:20:19)
  * the current report is
    http://ci.jenkins-ci.org/job/plugin-compat-tester/ws/reports/PluginCompatReport.xml
    (kohsuke, 18:20:58)
  * The 3rd icon is there to identify some problems (warning) in the pom
    .. like bad scm url or user-locked github urls  (fcamblor, 18:20:59)
  * If you want to contribute, don't hesitate  (fcamblor, 18:23:04)
  * AGREED: we'll fix some loose ends and check on false positives, then
    publish this report to a broader audience.  (kohsuke, 18:27:04)

* trademark registration status  (kohsuke, 18:28:05)
  * ACTION: Kohsuke to actually start talking to lawyers to file the
    trademark  (kohsuke, 18:28:46)

* Infra updates from rtyler  (kohsuke, 18:30:13)
  * The two donated machines have arrived at the OSUOSL in Corvallis
    (rtyler, 18:31:30)
  * The larger (3U) machine has been racked  (rtyler, 18:31:42)
  * The smaller (2U) machine is missing some racking hardware, which
    I'll be purchasing as soon as the chaps at the OSUOSL tell me what's
    needed  (rtyler, 18:32:02)
  * ACTION: rtyler to work with the OSUOSL to get the new machines
    initialized  (rtyler, 18:32:59)
  * ACTION: rtyler needs to investigate mirrorbrain failures  (rtyler,
    18:35:13)
  * and speaking of JIRA/Confluence, the hotspot compilation adjustments
    in VM greatly improved the stability of those services  (kohsuke,
    18:35:29)
  * we also have offers on the table for two additional european mirrors
    (rtyler, 18:36:12)
  * once mirrorbrain is properly geo-redirecting again, we'll bring
    those online  (rtyler, 18:36:39)

* next meeting time  (kohsuke, 18:37:47)
  * AGREED: next meeting is 5/11 6pm GMT  (kohsuke, 18:40:01)
  * AGREED:   (rtyler, 18:40:06)
  * ACTION: Kohsuke to stop using CET and say CEST  (kohsuke, 18:40:13)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to bring cookies to the next meeting  (rtyler,
    18:40:31)

Meeting ended at 18:41:37 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* I'll have jenkins-admin create an issue tracker after this meeting,
  and people who posted ideas can file RFEs.
* Kohsuke to actually start talking to lawyers to file the trademark
* rtyler to work with the OSUOSL to get the new machines initialized
* rtyler needs to investigate mirrorbrain failures
* Kohsuke to stop using CET and say CEST
* kohsuke to bring cookies to the next meeting




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* kohsuke
  * kohsuke to bring cookies to the next meeting
* rtyler
  * rtyler to work with the OSUOSL to get the new machines initialized
  * rtyler needs to investigate mirrorbrain failures
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * I'll have jenkins-admin create an issue tracker after this meeting,
    and people who posted ideas can file RFEs.
  * Kohsuke to actually start talking to lawyers to file the trademark
  * Kohsuke to stop using CET and say CEST




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* kohsuke (65)
* fcamblor (44)
* rtyler (27)
* kutzi (7)
* orrc (6)
* rpetti (6)
* bap2000 (4)
* peepsalot (3)
* redsolo (3)
* alzamabar (3)
* hare_brain (3)
* robobutler (2)
* drulli (1)
* abayer (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
