================
#jenkins Meeting
================


Meeting started by kohsuke at 18:02:10 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2011/jenkins.2011-04-13-18.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* JIRA project split  (kohsuke, 18:03:42)
  *
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Jira+Projects+Split+and+Cleanup
    (aheritier, 18:04:44)
  * The main issue is that it is impossible in jira to manage versions
    for components  (rtyler, 18:06:20)
  * the goal is to split the current jenkins in one project dedicated to
    the core, one for plugins, one for infrastructure  (aheritier,
    18:08:23)
  * note that this proposal doesn't preclude doing more later  (kohsuke,
    18:09:25)
  * just as a data point, even to implement the current automation in
    ircbot, I had to do some page scraping  (kohsuke, 18:14:04)
  * you just need to have a voice in the channel, which every committer
    should, and then you let the ircbot does it for you.  (kohsuke,
    18:15:49)
  * IDEA: Normally, when you have versions in JIRA, the person who fix
    the issue marks the bug with a certain version. But I could more
    easily and more reliably do it by having a release process do "git
    rev-list" and identify fixes that went into that release.  (kohsuke,
    18:18:05)
  * IDEA: between backporting to the stable branch, marking bugs closed
    scm-issue-link, and branching/merging , I think this works
    (kohsuke, 18:18:57)
  * IDEA: Come to think of it, I can do this "mark JIRA by release
    number" as a daemon that works externally, and thus make it work
    across all plugins  (kohsuke, 18:25:20)
  * ACTION: rtyler and/or kohsuke to set up a test instance of JIRA for
    aheritier  (rtyler, 18:33:59)

* "ULTIMATE ROBO LOGO SHOWDOWN" results  (kohsuke, 18:37:10)
  * Overall the runoff vote received just shy of 2000 votes  (rtyler,
    18:37:48)
  * I've got the branch that incorporated the new art work. It'll ship
    in the next release this weekend.  (kohsuke, 18:37:49)
  * This evening at the Engine Yard meetup we'll be unveiling the logo,
    and I will also be updating jenkins-ci.org with a newer look
    (rtyler, 18:38:31)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to unveil the logo at the Bay Area Meetup tonight
    (rtyler, 18:39:25)
  * ACTION: rtyler to update the site with the new logo/look  (rtyler,
    18:39:35)
  * ACTION: everybody else to be shocked, amazed, delighted!  (rtyler,
    18:39:54)
  * ACTION: rtyler to look into creating a new bunch of Jenkins logo
    stickers  (rtyler, 18:41:37)
  * ACTION: mwalling to do east coast distribution (he has no idea what
    he's just signed up for)  (rtyler, 18:42:47)
  * i said *MIGHT*  (mwalling, 18:43:04)
  * ACTION: rtyler and kohsuke to follow up with the current thread with
    the winner to get some paper work in place to assure our rights to
    use the logo  (kohsuke, 18:43:21)

* trademark registration status  (kohsuke, 18:43:59)
  * I just uploaded the PDFs that pledge to that extent at
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/pages/viewpageattachments.action?pageId=54722987&sortBy=date&highlight=Trademark+pledge.pdf&
    (kohsuke, 18:45:45)
  * if you have any concerns about the wording, etc, please let me know.
    (kohsuke, 18:46:57)
  * SHA1sum: 847b69dff6c5d0494bb760a3d562bdee6ebed71b  and
    30803b0d711af09f2f02ca30db82b6f5fc71f7af  (kohsuke, 18:48:38)

* SFC/SPI/Apache status  (kohsuke, 18:50:13)
  * I've pinged SFC yesterday as we planned in the last minutes, but
    haven't heard back yet, understandably.  (kohsuke, 18:51:05)
  * I've also initiated the next step with SPI, that is to ask for an
    application  (kohsuke, 18:51:44)
  * The next step is for them to decide if they can take us or not, and
    then we will have 60 days to decide if we want to get married like
    that or not.  (kohsuke, 18:53:59)
  * LINK: http://sfconservancy.org/ SFC  (rtyler, 18:54:08)
  * LINK: http://www.spi-inc.org/ SPI  (rtyler, 18:54:26)

* next meeting time  (kohsuke, 18:58:36)

* Infrastructure update  (rtyler, 18:59:07)
  * We've cut a dramatic amount of our overages out for bandwidth from
    jenkins-ci.org by pushing more and more onto our mirror network
    (rtyler, 18:59:40)
  * We're still using up a lot of bandwidth (we're so popular!), so I'm
    actively working with Contegix to get a blessing on that machine to
    where we don't have to pay for it ;)  (rtyler, 19:00:21)
  * Still working on getting the two fancy new machines from Chicago to
    Oregon (OSUOSL)  (rtyler, 19:01:07)
  * ACTION: need to post a "we love you" post or seven  (rtyler,
    19:01:19)

* next meeting time  (kohsuke, 19:02:03)

* next meeting time  (rtyler, 19:02:03)
  * IDEA: The natural candidate is two weeks from now, same time. Any
    other suggestions/objections?  (kohsuke, 19:02:38)
  * AGREED:   (rtyler, 19:02:46)
  * AGREED:   (hare_brain, 19:03:00)

Meeting ended at 19:03:44 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* rtyler and/or kohsuke to set up a test instance of JIRA for aheritier
* kohsuke to unveil the logo at the Bay Area Meetup tonight
* rtyler to update the site with the new logo/look
* everybody else to be shocked, amazed, delighted!
* rtyler to look into creating a new bunch of Jenkins logo stickers
* mwalling to do east coast distribution (he has no idea what he's just
  signed up for)
* rtyler and kohsuke to follow up with the current thread with the
  winner to get some paper work in place to assure our rights to use the
  logo
* need to post a "we love you" post or seven




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* aheritier
  * rtyler and/or kohsuke to set up a test instance of JIRA for
    aheritier
* kohsuke
  * rtyler and/or kohsuke to set up a test instance of JIRA for
    aheritier
  * kohsuke to unveil the logo at the Bay Area Meetup tonight
  * rtyler and kohsuke to follow up with the current thread with the
    winner to get some paper work in place to assure our rights to use
    the logo
* mwalling
  * mwalling to do east coast distribution (he has no idea what he's
    just signed up for)
* rtyler
  * rtyler and/or kohsuke to set up a test instance of JIRA for
    aheritier
  * rtyler to update the site with the new logo/look
  * rtyler to look into creating a new bunch of Jenkins logo stickers
  * rtyler and kohsuke to follow up with the current thread with the
    winner to get some paper work in place to assure our rights to use
    the logo
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * everybody else to be shocked, amazed, delighted!
  * need to post a "we love you" post or seven




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* kohsuke (107)
* rtyler (68)
* aheritier (54)
* abayer (23)
* fcamblor (17)
* rodmidde (11)
* fredg02 (10)
* ndeloof (5)
* thafreeze (5)
* magnayn (4)
* hare_brain (4)
* bap2000 (4)
* mwalling (4)
* robobutler (2)
* code_fu_blkbelt (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
