================
#jenkins Meeting
================


Meeting started by kohsuke at 18:05:28 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2011/jenkins.2011-06-22-18.05.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* ACTION: Kohsuke to really really get the trademark registration going
  (kohsuke, 18:07:22)
* I believe I have the Nexus pro key in my inbox  (kohsuke, 18:07:52)
* still looking for a volunteer to take the work to the completion
  (kohsuke, 18:08:01)
* ACTION: Kohsuke to write to olamy and aheritier to see if either one
  can volunteer for restoring Maven central sync  (kohsuke, 18:10:20)
* the LTS proposal from vjuranek is at
  http://jenkins.361315.n4.nabble.com/RFC-LTS-outlines-and-rules-td3605302.html
  (kohsuke, 18:17:05)
* IDEA: shall we use blocker for that? If some of us think the bug is
  important enough, push it up to the blocker status?  (kohsuke,
  18:27:58)
* IDEA: I think vjuranek should capture his write up with this and put
  it to Wiki  (kohsuke, 18:33:49)
* I'm chasing two possibilities for companies to host office hours
  (kohsuke, 18:38:07)
* AGREED: the next meeting is 2 weeks from now, same time.  (kohsuke,
  18:40:35)

Meeting ended at 18:41:24 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* Kohsuke to really really get the trademark registration going
* Kohsuke to write to olamy and aheritier to see if either one can
  volunteer for restoring Maven central sync




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* aheritier
  * Kohsuke to write to olamy and aheritier to see if either one can
    volunteer for restoring Maven central sync
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * Kohsuke to really really get the trademark registration going




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* kohsuke (67)
* hare_brain (12)
* aheritier (10)
* abayer (10)
* vjuranek (8)
* jieryn (6)
* aheritier_ (2)
* fredg02 (2)
* bap2000 (2)
* robobutler (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
