<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">19:02:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">March 2nd Governance Meeting</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">19:02:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">19:02:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Discuss what updates should be made to Copyright on source code</span>
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">19:02:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> Where was the documentation for that robot?
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">19:02:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> http://meetbot.debian.net/Manual.html
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">19:02:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">First of all, agendas will be up at http://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda - feel free to add items to future agendas.</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">19:03:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> thanks
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">19:03:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> And I'll give a quick update on the logo contest as well.
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">19:04:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="hi">re:</span> copyright source code, I guess some of it has to wait until the final org is settled
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">19:04:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">http://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Copyright+on+source+code is our current info.</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">19:04:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> In the mean time, I guess we'll need to say that "we need you to sign CLA when we are ready, and it'll be something like the one from Apache"
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">19:04:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">19:05:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">19:05:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jieryn-w&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">19:05:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">abayer:</span> should that page list licensing of dependencies as well?
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">19:05:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> I'm fine with an informal agreement for the moment, given that there's nothing formal to agree with. =)
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">19:05:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;eric_n_dfw&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">19:05:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> I don't think so. That's a separate matter.
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">19:05:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> kay
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">19:06:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> I think it's http://www.apache.org/licenses/cla-corporate.txt and http://www.apache.org/licenses/icla.txt (thanks to hare_brain)
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">19:06:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> Do core contributions add you to a list of attributions?
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">19:06:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">New contributors to core will be asked to informally agree to sign a future CLA, likely to be similar to Apache's, once a formal system is in place.</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">19:06:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">Provide a link the the Apache CLA on the Copyright wiki so people can see where we're going</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">19:06:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> "list of attributions"?
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">19:07:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hare_brain:</span> +1
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">19:07:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hare_brain:</span> +1
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">19:07:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">hare_brain to update the copyright wiki entry with the above. =)</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">19:07:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> LOL
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">19:07:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hare_brain:</span> +1
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">19:07:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;fcamblor&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">19:08:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> Would this also be the right place to say that we can merge changes from Oracle Hudson?
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">19:08:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Is that a statement or a question?
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">19:09:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;makeusabrew&gt;</span> hi!
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">19:09:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> I guess the right thing to say there is that the code contains stuff that's copyrighted and CLAed materials to Oracle?
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">19:09:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> kohsuke MIT only attributes efforts of the &lt;copyright holders&gt; - so it should be clear in the CLA (which i guess is another topic) that attribution will be informal?
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">19:09:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hare_brain:</span> I wrote a question whether a statement should be added to a Wiki page, I guess
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">19:10:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke2:</span> Gotcha
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">19:10:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> (BTW, I don't have edit permissions on that page.)
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">19:10:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> And yeah, that would be the right palce for that.
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">19:10:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> me neither. =)
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">19:10:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> fixing
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">19:10:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> So, I'm nothing close to a lawyer, but here's how I understand things to be:
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">19:11:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> fixed
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">19:11:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> As long as the source from Oracle Hudson is MIT licensed, we can take it, because of its license.
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">19:11:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Whoever merges it into Jenkins needs to attribute it to Oracle in the commit message.
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">19:11:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Yup.
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">19:11:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> Yes.
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">19:11:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> That's how I understand the Apache CLA covers this case.
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">19:11:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> Sonatype contributed code is also under MIT ?
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">19:12:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Unless they changed the license, yeah.
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">19:12:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> We'll have to look at the files to be sure.
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">19:12:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> And they'd better have a clear attribution after all the stuff they were saying about unclear IP.
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">19:12:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> For plugins, are there anything we should add?
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">19:13:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">should we say we highly recommend adding &lt;license&gt; in POM?</span>
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">19:13:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Yeah, I think that'd be good.
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">19:13:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">19:13:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> I think we should at least for core
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">19:13:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> Maybe down the road some mechanical check can be added?
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">19:13:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> Please shoot me down if it's way too off topic, but i figure that ongoing core contributors will appreciate attribution. to me that's why most FOSS licences have 'maintain attribution/copywrite" clauses. So wouldn't it be worthwhile adding a contributions readme for a full list of participants?
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">19:13:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jieryn-w&gt;</span> a la rat plugin
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">19:13:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> we may use the license plugin also to verify if the header is set everywhere
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">19:14:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jieryn-w&gt;</span> checkstyle has the same capability
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">19:14:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="hi">aheritier:</span> core already has &lt;license&gt;, if not explicitly it definitely inherits.
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">19:14:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jieryn-w:</span> kohsuke yes there is a plugin for that
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">19:14:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> to check and fix
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">19:14:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke2:</span> ok. I didn't see.
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">19:15:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Squee-D:</span> I think we do encourage people to put attribution in the copyright header of the source files.
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">19:15:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> But I guess you are suggesting we should start a separate file that lists the names
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">19:15:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;fcamblor&gt;</span> looks like Sonatype guys are commiting with MIT : https://github.com/hudson/hudson/blob/1fade2d2567831c1c7e6d0ef602903e424fbf44a/hudson-test-harness/src/test/resources/logback-test.xml
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">19:16:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> kohsuke I am, but that does make sense what you're already doing, just saying it might want to be adressed when you adress the CLA.
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">19:16:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> OK. Shall we note that and move on?
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">19:16:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> ... to the next topic?
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">19:17:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;fcamblor&gt;</span> https://github.com/hudson/hudson/commit/1fade2d2567831c1c7e6d0ef602903e424fbf44a#diff-10
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">19:17:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">19:17:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic  </span><span class="topicline">the stable-branch/endorsed-release discussion</span>
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">19:17:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> or maybe I don't hae that karma
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">19:17:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> rtyler!
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">19:17:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chairs</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">19:17:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> wut
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">19:17:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chairs </span><span class="cmdline">abayer,kohsuke2</span>
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">19:18:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic  </span><span class="topicline">the stable-branch/endorsed-release discussion</span>
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">19:18:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> Thanks
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">19:18:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">abayer kohsuke2</span>
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">19:18:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Current chairs: abayer kohsuke2 rtyler
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">19:18:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">hare_brain</span>
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">19:18:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Current chairs: abayer hare_brain kohsuke2 rtyler
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">19:19:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> My recollection is that people are very happy with the idea but we haven't settled on particular approach
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">19:19:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> robobutler is brilliant.
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">19:19:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Squee-D:</span> Error: "is" is not a valid command.
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">19:19:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> well almost
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">19:19:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> hah
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">19:19:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">19:19:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> There used to be a link to an "older but stabler" build. Why did that go away?
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">19:20:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> because I think I just stopped doing that.
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">19:20:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> But I think we should resurrect that
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">19:20:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke2:</span> The question is which rithm the stable branch may have and how it could be managed ?
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">19:20:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> what was the criteria for updating those links?
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">19:21:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> Good question
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">19:21:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">19:21:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> what is a stable branch/product ?
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">19:21:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> AFAIK Jenkins isn't released if there are failures in automated tests
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">19:21:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The model behind "older but stable" was that I picked a bit old but stable-looking release in retrospect</span>
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">19:21:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> what about the LTS model?
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">19:22:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> It was planned to update about every once in 3/6 months
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">19:22:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">Every X weeks, the core devs vote as to whether to promote a release from a few weeks earlier to be the new "stable" release.</span>
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">19:22:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Here at Yahoo, we have the concept of stable/current/test for our packages. "test" means a release is still being tested. "current" means the group feels that it's ready to be used in production environments. "stable" means it
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">19:22:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="hi">aheritier:</span> yes, if there are test failures, it won't ship
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">19:22:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> it's been running in production for at least 6 months.
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">19:22:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> where the changelog is where you decide to pick a stable release that you're willing to run a side branch with specific fixes.
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">19:22:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> alongside the continuous improvement main branch
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">19:22:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hare_brain:</span> that sounds similar to Debian
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">19:22:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> and could we use community votes ?
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">19:22:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Yeah, I'm pretty sure we stole that idea. :)
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">19:23:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> So questions I'd ask about a "stable" Jenkins are:
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">19:23:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">aheritier:</span> I was suggesting core devs (or plugin devs) just to keep the vote manageable.
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">19:23:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Does it lag several months behind?
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">19:24:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Is the version that's on stable sequential or does it skip?
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">19:24:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> Is the LTS approach too painful to manage?
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">19:24:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kutzi&gt;</span> IMO the best way for more stable releases is to massively increase the automated test coverage
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">19:24:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> <span class="hi">abayer:</span> core and plugins dev are probably using more often recent releases than older ?
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">19:24:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hare_brain:</span> I'd say it lags behind, and it skips.
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">19:24:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kutzi:</span> +1
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">19:24:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> stable releases are not as valuable to me, as an end user, as "marked to be maintained" releases
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">19:24:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Do major bug fixes get merged into that release? That's a huge infrastructure and process undertaking.
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">19:24:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">aheritier:</span> True.
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">19:24:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> On top of abayer's "Every X weeks, the core devs vote as to whether to promote a release from a few weeks earlier to be the new "stable" release.", I'd also like to propose that we consider doing patch releases off that release
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">19:24:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hare_brain:</span> −1 on that, personally.
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">19:25:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke2:</span> 1.386.1 ?
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">19:25:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> hare_brain, kohsuke2: rather, I'm −1 on anything other than showstoppers.
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">19:25:18 </span><span class="nka">* kohsuke2</span> <span class="ac">asked the same question as hare_brain</span>
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">19:25:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> yeah, 1.X.1, 1.X.2, ... for stable releases until we nominate next 1.Y as stable
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">19:25:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jieryn-w&gt;</span> sounds like tons of work
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">19:25:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> That's my concern as well.
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">19:26:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> stable branches are always extra work :P
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">19:26:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> Yes, it could be. Hence I said we should "consider"
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">19:26:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> And that's my rationale for −1. =)
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">19:26:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;eric_n_dfw&gt;</span> my client was within a day of switching us to TeamCity or Cruise/Go a few months ago when deadlocks were killing us.   +1 for patch builds
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">19:26:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> and I saw in the meeting note the question about code review
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">19:26:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> could we consider to put in stable branch only a code which were reviewed by several devs ?
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">19:26:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> But while it's a lot of work, it seems to be valuable, too.
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">19:26:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> I'd prefer to crowdsource/do validation tests to determine the stable release, with x.1 releases for *only* showstoppers like eric_n_dfw's deadlock problem.
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">19:27:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> really? People will choose jenkins in critical environments only with a critical support branch
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">19:27:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> (I remember that one)
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">19:27:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> We maintain a private fork, so we rely on the community ratings to decide when to merge a new version in. So in a sense, we're already picking a "stable" for ourselves.
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">19:27:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="hi">aheritier:</span> Yes, we want to control what changes can go in there.
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">19:27:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> LTS's do not need anything but support for "continues to function as specced
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">19:28:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Squee-D:</span> Yeah, that's the sort of thing I'm talking about.
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">19:28:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jieryn-w&gt;</span> i think having a stable branch that isn't sponsored by people using jenkins in critical environments -- that is, new blood doing the work -- there's no way current devs are going to be able to support it
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">19:28:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> It's harder work for plugin dev's no? to support the 'stable' releae.
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">19:28:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jieryn-w&gt;</span> it also steals thunder from people testing the new release
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">19:28:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> I think if we limit ourselves to small number of important fixes backported from the main release line, maybe the overhead can be managed?
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">19:28:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jieryn-w&gt;</span> why jump to latest when i can just use stable and not put any effort in
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">19:28:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Squee-D:</span> I actually see the stable release as a positive for plugin devs - if they don't *need* a new change in core, they can just always build against the last stable.
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">19:28:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jieryn-w:</span> stealing thunder from the main release line is indeed one of the downside.
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">19:28:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> I would have thought so, but i certainly havent been following the code-commits
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">19:29:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> abayer thats a good point
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">19:29:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> I think your small teams, like ours, will all still run with the "agile" branch
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">19:29:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> could we also use statitics of deployment to know who is using what ?
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">19:30:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Basically, I think we should provide a "known quantity" release that's blessed by the community/devs, and we should backport fixes for showstopper bugs to it on a limited basis, when possible.
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">19:30:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> Yes, we can
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">19:30:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> perhaps it could help to define what as stable
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">19:30:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> but i really wouldn't blame enterprise users from dropping jenkins if it didnt have a stable branch.
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">19:30:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">aheritier:</span> Yup - we'll actually have new census data available today.
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">19:30:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> <span class="hi">aheritier:</span> + 1
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">19:30:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> s/as/was
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">19:30:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="hi">abayer:</span> OK, that line of thinking is close to what I'm saying
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">19:31:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> For example, I can tell you that there are over 6500 installs of Hudson/Jenkins which were last seen at version 1.395. =)
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">19:31:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Out of how many?
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">19:31:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> 6501
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">19:31:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> <span class="hi">abayer:</span> +1with your point of view
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">19:31:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;eric_n_dfw&gt;</span> We're still at 1.393
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">19:32:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Almost 23k seen hitting jenkins-ci.org/hudson-labs.org's usage-stats in Feb - that's only versions 1.368 and later.
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">19:32:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">so sounds like a consensus is around voting/blessing a release as stable, then produce patch releases only with important bug fixes</span>
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">19:32:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;eric_n_dfw&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">19:32:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> +!
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">19:32:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">19:32:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> So roughly 25% on something recent.
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">19:33:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">we are also mindful that we aren't entirely sure how much work this entails</span>
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">19:33:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">Every…3? months, community/devs bless a 2+ month old release as the "known quantity" release. Until the next "known quantity" release, it'll be possible for absolutely critical bug fixes to core to be backported and a new version of the known quantity re-released.</span>
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">19:33:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hare_brain:</span> actually, that's 25% on *one* specific version. =)
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">19:34:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kutzi&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">19:34:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> How about 6 months? Would that be too long?
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">19:34:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke2:</span> I think
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">19:34:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> that's really long in Jenkins-time
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">19:34:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hare_brain:</span> how frequent do you integrate?
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">19:34:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kutzi&gt;</span> I would it may even younger than 3 month
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">19:34:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> I for one trust agile processes and trust my backups, so update our jenkins install as often as i can. But for the sake of the jenkins project's continuing popularity think it's a good thing.
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">19:34:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> There were something like 4k last seen on 1.396 or later, and I can't remember how many on other versions.
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">19:34:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> 3 monthes is what we see in general
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">19:34:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke2:</span> Roughly once a quarter
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">19:34:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> I like 3month rotations.
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">19:35:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Once a quarter, decent window of time for determining how stable a candidate release is.
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">19:35:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> OK. So shall we start with 3 months and se e how that goes?
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">19:35:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> More frequently if a release fixes a lot of bugs, or has something interesting.
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">19:35:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> We try not to cherry pick changes.
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">19:35:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">19:35:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> +1 for 3 months
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">19:35:54 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">likes 3 months as well</span>
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">19:36:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">we'll start with 3 month cycle for stable release and see how that goes</span>
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">19:36:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;eric_n_dfw&gt;</span> 3 months is fine with me
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">19:36:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Ok. Next step is scoping out the work involved.
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">19:36:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Which we can do on the mailing list.=)
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">19:36:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> I wanted to talk a bit about what kind of changes we want to backport
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">19:36:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> 'k.
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">19:37:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> like "preferrably no API change"
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">19:37:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> or "only backport a fix after it's released in the main line"? would that be too much?
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">19:37:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">A thread on the mailing list to talk about what work will be done to get the stable release stuff in place (update center changes, qualification process, etc)</span>
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">19:37:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke2:</span> Yes it is mandatory in bug fixes for the stable bracnh
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">19:37:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke2:</span> strong +1 for that.
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">19:37:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Backports only.
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">19:37:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> +1 kohsuke
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">19:38:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> abayer is that a +1.999~ ?
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">19:38:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> Are people agreeing to "after it's released in the main line" part?
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">19:38:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> +1 to backport only something released (tested in real life)
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">19:38:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">changelog entries that are marked "major bug" as candidates for backporting?</span>
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">19:38:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> Or just "backport only part"
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">19:38:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> kohsuke yeas to "mainline" - that is what a backport is no?
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">19:38:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hare_brain:</span> yes. but there aren't that many of those
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">19:38:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> Does that mean we've been pretty stable?
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">19:39:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;eric_n_dfw&gt;</span> +1 to mainline  tested live --&gt; stable
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">19:39:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> Are there metrics for 'stability' ?
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">19:39:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> perhaps automation of such metrics are really a first step?
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">19:39:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> community ratings, bug reports for a release
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">19:39:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">I think the stable release line would be good release train to tie in the "community acceptance test" effort</span>
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">19:40:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> The only problem I have with the community ratings, is that the bug reports seem to carry forward, and it's not clear that a bug was actually introduced with that release. That's just when someone reported it.
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">19:40:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> put another way, for example, if we start this effort, could Yahoo shift some of what it did internally to this release line?
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">19:41:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke2:</span> Could CloudBees as well for Nectar? =)
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">19:41:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> hare_brain could its inclusion in stability reporting wait for a dev to identify when it was introduced? Are most of these things identifiable with bisect?
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">19:41:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="hi">abayer:</span> Yes, I'd be obviously spending my efforts/time into that branch
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">19:41:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hare_brain:</span> I'm preparing the proposal to split  Jira
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">19:41:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> thus will have versions in Jira now
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">19:42:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Oh, yeah.
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">19:42:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jieryn-w&gt;</span> well, still no project split yet
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">19:42:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke2:</span> We can certainly take our internal feedback and contribute that to the assessment of the stability of a release.
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">19:42:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">aheritier working on proposal for actually splitting JENKINS JIRA into core/infra/plugins.</span>
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">19:42:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> I think voting to pick a stable release would be reasonable and community rating would be a good input, if not a definitive input
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">19:43:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Everyone ok with aheritier leading the JIRA split stuff? We'll need to give him admin on JIRA to actually do it, obviously.
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">19:43:40 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">nods</span>
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">19:43:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> We'll have a chance to see the proposal before it happens, right?
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">19:44:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Oh yeah.
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">19:44:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke2:</span> yes it's done for that
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">19:44:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;eric_n_dfw&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">19:44:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">19:44:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;redsolo&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">19:44:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jieryn-w&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">19:44:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> but if someone else want to lead it :-) feel free !!
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">19:44:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> I'm just taking advantage of a sucker, er, um, I mean, volunteer. =)
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">19:44:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jieryn-w&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">19:44:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">19:45:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> OK, so in the interest of time, maybe the next topic?
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">19:45:15 </span><span class="nka">* redsolo</span> <span class="ac">can help out with the jira stuff..</span>
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">19:45:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> Did the release discussion come to a conclusion?
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">19:45:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> I guess we have a consensus, and action to work out details?
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">19:45:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> <span class="hi">redsolo:</span> ok, I note. I'll send an email on the dev list before the end of the week
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">19:46:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke2:</span> yes
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">19:46:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Yup.
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">19:46:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Update on the long-term governance plans / progress on umbrella organisation</span>
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">19:46:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Update on the long-term governance plans</span>
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">19:46:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> I guess this one is to abayer?
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">19:47:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Here's my update: I haven't done anything. I suck and have been busy. =)
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">19:47:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">abayer sucks, and has been busy</span>
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">19:47:22 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">ducks</span>
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">19:47:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> Anything we can help to make a progress there?
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">19:47:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> Perhaps even just some bullet points?
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">19:47:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">19:47:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> If we can  come up with questions we need answered, that'd help.
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">19:48:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> OK
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">19:48:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jieryn-w&gt;</span> there was chatter about going to apache ... is that ruled out?
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">19:48:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">progress on umbrella organisation</span>
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">19:48:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> No, it is not ruled out.
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">19:48:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> That's a question for this topic, I guess
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">19:48:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> I can report an update on this
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">19:48:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke2:</span> any news from SFC?
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">19:49:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">we've applied to SFC, and we are still not hearing back</span>
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">19:49:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">kohsuke to ping SFC on our current status</span>
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">19:49:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> I also think I should write to SPI
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">19:49:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> (acryonym could be wrong but it's the foundation that has PostgreSQL)
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">19:49:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> http://www.spi-inc.org/
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">19:50:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> Apache isn't ruled out either, but I think we are still hoping that SFC would take us
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">19:50:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> I think that's the current status
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">19:50:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> While my personal first choice would be to go to Apache over SFC or SPI, I'm perfectly fine with SFC as first option.
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">19:50:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> SFC?
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">19:50:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> http://sfconservancy.org/
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">19:51:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> But if we don't get into SFC, I really think Apache is far and away the best option on the table, and I really think it can work nicely.
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">19:51:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> Apache Foundation has a lot of clout to its name alone.
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">19:51:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> When this was discussed there certainly was a strong support for that from many
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">19:52:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> Ready to move on to logo contest?
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">19:52:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> I agree to try SFC before Apache to have less changes in the comunity if possible
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">19:52:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">19:52:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> yes logos !!
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">19:52:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">updates on logo contest</span>
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">19:53:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> abayer?
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">19:53:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> (damned I forgot to ask to my kids to draw something)
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">19:53:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">I extended the logo submission deadline through friday, 'cos I got a bunch over the weekend and into Monday.</span>
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">19:53:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">this weekend, I'll be putting up a post on jenkins-ci.org with all the entries, and a poll for everyone to vote for their favorite.</span>
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">19:54:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> Any place where we can see the current submissions?
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">19:54:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> That eps that was sent to the mailing list reminded me of the Pringles guy.
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">19:54:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;eric_n_dfw&gt;</span> true
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">19:54:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> <span class="hi">abayer:</span> How many submissions have you received?
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">19:54:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Something like 10, I think?
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">19:54:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> Im working on one :D
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">19:54:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> Maybe a Wiki page?
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">19:55:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> but i suck more than abayer. Probably not busier tho.
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">19:55:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> Shall we still try 99designs, or are we comfortable picking from what's submitted?
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">19:55:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Yeah, I'll put 'em on the wiki in their original forms, and on the blog in png format for easy viewing.
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">19:55:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> One of the options on the poll will be "none of the above".
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">19:55:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Maybe an option in the poll should be "None of he above"
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">19:55:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> LOL
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">19:55:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> If that wins, we go to 99 designs. =)
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">19:55:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> Can the vote include [x] try 99designs
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">19:56:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Squee-D&gt;</span> make it explicit..
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">19:56:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> <span class="hi">abayer:</span> hare_brain +1
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">19:56:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">99designs start from $300 and we don't have to pay if we don't pick it</span>
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">19:56:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Squee-D:</span> That works for me.
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">19:56:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Oh! New topic!
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">19:56:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Trademark!
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">19:56:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Trademark!</span>
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">19:56:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke2:</span> Have we started the ball rolling on that yet?
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">19:56:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> I'm afraid not.
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">19:56:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> Let's see, where am I on it
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">19:56:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> For now, I'm perfectly happy with fronting the cash for the fees.
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">19:57:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> We can fundraise to pay me back later.
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">19:57:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> I think I had an AI to find the difference between the registration that costs a few $100s vs a registration that costs a few Ks.
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">19:57:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> (assuming we're talking a couple thousand bucks max, not something more like $10k)
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">19:58:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> The main difference, as far as I can tell, is whether we get to see some human being doing it.
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">19:58:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Yeah. How about we deputize to CloudBees' people to do the research for us as to what the best option is? I'm perfectly fine with donated labor from them - I just want to make sure it's not CloudBees actually paying for the trademark registration.
<a name="l-327"></a><span class="tm">19:59:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> And there's still an offer on the table for CB to donate the cost for the registration.
<a name="l-328"></a><span class="tm">19:59:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> I don't feel comfortable taking actual money donations until we have a legal structure.
<a name="l-329"></a><span class="tm">20:00:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> But there's no "people doing the research" though. I believe CB only have a lawyer it can pay to have a research/registration done
<a name="l-330"></a><span class="tm">20:00:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Ah.
<a name="l-331"></a><span class="tm">20:00:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Let's take this offline and talk about it in person tonight?
<a name="l-332"></a><span class="tm">20:00:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> (We should ask to Oracle they did that few times ago :-D )
<a name="l-333"></a><span class="tm">20:00:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> I think earlier suggestion from hare_brain was to get some writing that it won't own the trademark
<a name="l-334"></a><span class="tm">20:00:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> "it" = CB
<a name="l-335"></a><span class="tm">20:01:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> Does that ease the concern enough, or not?
<a name="l-336"></a><span class="tm">20:01:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> (Sorry it's 3AM here)
<a name="l-337"></a><span class="tm">20:01:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">kohsuke and abayer to talk tonight about trademark stuff and get the ball rolling.</span>
<a name="l-338"></a><span class="tm">20:01:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> And one last topic - trying to wrap up.
<a name="l-339"></a><span class="tm">20:01:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> The issue is that otherwise it's hard to make a progress
<a name="l-340"></a><span class="tm">20:01:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> Sounds good
<a name="l-341"></a><span class="tm">20:01:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Next meeting.</span>
<a name="l-342"></a><span class="tm">20:02:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> How about 2 weeks from now?
<a name="l-343"></a><span class="tm">20:02:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Let's go bi-weekly - next meeting in two weeks, Wed, March 16th</span>
<a name="l-344"></a><span class="tm">20:02:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> jinx!
<a name="l-345"></a><span class="tm">20:02:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-346"></a><span class="tm">20:02:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> yes it is enough
<a name="l-347"></a><span class="tm">20:02:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> I was going to suggest whenever we have a stable release. ;)
<a name="l-348"></a><span class="tm">20:02:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> Is this time OK?
<a name="l-349"></a><span class="tm">20:02:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-350"></a><span class="tm">20:03:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> I hate to keep aheritier up at 3am
<a name="l-351"></a><span class="tm">20:03:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">Tentative agenda items: JIRA split proposal discussion, update on trademark.</span>
<a name="l-352"></a><span class="tm">20:03:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> This time on the 16th specifically won't work for me.
<a name="l-353"></a><span class="tm">20:03:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> He's in vietnam at the moment. =)
<a name="l-354"></a><span class="tm">20:03:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> Ah
<a name="l-355"></a><span class="tm">20:03:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hare_brain:</span> any other time of that day?
<a name="l-356"></a><span class="tm">20:04:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> no problem I'll be back in EU
<a name="l-357"></a><span class="tm">20:04:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> I'll be away from an internet connection all morning. Any time after 1pm will be fine, if that works for other people.
<a name="l-358"></a><span class="tm">20:04:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Otherwise, another day that week, at 11 is fine.
<a name="l-359"></a><span class="tm">20:05:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> 1pm is 10 CET…is that too late for our Euros?
<a name="l-360"></a><span class="tm">20:05:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> <span class="hi">abayer:</span> for me it's goot
<a name="l-361"></a><span class="tm">20:05:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">aheritier:</span> given that I've put you up as an agenda item, that's good. =)
<a name="l-362"></a><span class="tm">20:06:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> Any objection to March 16th 1pm PST / 10pm CET / 9pm GMT?
<a name="l-363"></a><span class="tm">20:06:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> :-D
<a name="l-364"></a><span class="tm">20:06:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> +1 for me.
<a name="l-365"></a><span class="tm">20:06:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Other option is to just have the meeting at 11 on the 16th and I'll pass on any comments I have about the agenda to abayer or kohsuke ahead of time.
<a name="l-366"></a><span class="tm">20:06:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aheritier&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-367"></a><span class="tm">20:06:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;redsolo&gt;</span> What happened to Internet time?
<a name="l-368"></a><span class="tm">20:06:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">March 16th 1pm PST / 10pm CET / 9pm GMT</span>
<a name="l-369"></a><span class="tm">20:06:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Great. Thanks folks.
<a name="l-370"></a><span class="tm">20:06:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> OK, I think we declare a victory for the day
<a name="l-371"></a><span class="tm">20:07:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> I'm declaring lunchtime. :)
<a name="l-372"></a><span class="tm">20:07:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke2&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
