================
#jenkins Meeting
================


Meeting started by kohsuke at 18:02:27 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2011/jenkins.2011-03-30-18.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* logo contest status  (kohsuke, 18:03:56)
  * Tyler gave me access to the Google doc that has the results
    (kohsuke, 18:04:29)
  * ACTION: rtyler to tally the result and get the the run-off going
    starting next Monday  (kohsuke, 18:07:21)

* Trademark registration status  (kohsuke, 18:09:17)

* SFC response / umbrella org  (kohsuke, 18:11:05)

* CLA discussion continued  (kohsuke, 18:15:56)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to ask hare_brain to see if he can ask his lawyers
    about the implications of optional voluntary CLAs.  (kohsuke,
    18:19:56)

* Discussion on the way we can strengthen plugins and avoid unnecessary
  duplication/forks  (kohsuke, 18:20:57)
  * IDEA: Crowdsourcing a review of all existing plugins, to understand
    their capabilities/overlaps/etc.  (abayer, 18:29:31)
  * ACTION: abayer to create a wiki page for tracking which plugins have
    been reviewed, and directions on what to do for reviewing
    (tagging/labeling, etc)  (abayer, 18:30:50)
  * IDEA: add the license information to the banner  (kohsuke, 18:31:49)
  * IDEA: write a Wiki page that focus on "how to modify an existing
    plugin and get your change integrated"  (kohsuke, 18:34:20)
  * IDEA: ask the three examples why they started a new one. (via
    FunkyFis1)  (kohsuke, 18:35:04)
  * IDEA: what about also adding keywords to plugins to better find
    them? (via rseguy)  (kohsuke, 18:39:13)
  * IDEA: easing the access to source code for those poor guys (me...)
    with no svn/git access from work, e.g. by bundling a zip when a
    plugin is released (actually, by putting it more in emphasis
    compared to today)  (rseguy, 18:41:33)
  * ACTION: Kohsuke to tweak the maven-hpi-plugin to create source
    assembly during the plugin release  (kohsuke, 18:43:28)
  * IDEA: Help find/organize plugins by generating a list of plugins
    dynamically from the same info the "Manage Plugin" does in Jenkins
    and putting it in the wiki or next to the wiki. This could also
    verify that wiki pages exist and are filled out right.  (docwhat,
    18:43:41)
  * IDEA: Add a search engine based on labels for plugins  (rseguy,
    18:44:33)
  * IDEA: Plugin Quickstart Utility -- a simple utility that helps
    either get an existing plugin or creates a skeleton plugin and
    verifies environment is ready for development.  (docwhat, 18:44:56)
  * ACTION: write some sort of reporting tool allowing compile/test
    every plugins declared in update-center.json over lastly released
    jenkins version  (fcamblor, 18:45:40)
  * IDEA: could we have an 'unstable' update-center.json generated from
    the jenkins CI instance? My impression is people get keen to release
    very often so some patch/change can become visible for users..
    (magnayn, 18:46:14)
  * IDEA: Adding "contribute to this plugin" links with information on
    the plugin pages would be helpful as well. (via docwhat)  (kohsuke,
    18:49:50)
  * IDEA: how about on the "Extending" wiki page we suggest that before
    starting a plugin, put suggestion out to dev and users mailing list
    for comment? (via bap2000)  (kohsuke, 18:49:54)
  * IDEA: Would it be possible to leverage the same code that the Plugin
    Manager uses to generate the list and pages for the wiki? (via
    docwhat)  (kohsuke, 18:49:57)
  * ACTION: write a proposal on how about on the "Extending" wiki page
    we suggest that before starting a plugin, put suggestion out to dev
    and users mailing list for comment? (via bap2000)  (rseguy,
    18:53:14)
  * ACTION: write a proposal on Adding "contribute to this plugin" links
    with information on the plugin pages would be helpful as well. (via
    docwhat)  (rseguy, 18:53:37)

* When will be the next meeting?  (kohsuke, 18:54:12)
  * AGREED: next meeting will be in the same time, two weeks from now.
    (kohsuke, 18:57:36)

Meeting ended at 18:58:30 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* rtyler to tally the result and get the the run-off going starting next
  Monday
* kohsuke to ask hare_brain to see if he can ask his lawyers about the
  implications of optional voluntary CLAs.
* abayer to create a wiki page for tracking which plugins have been
  reviewed, and directions on what to do for reviewing
  (tagging/labeling, etc)
* Kohsuke to tweak the maven-hpi-plugin to create source assembly during
  the plugin release
* write some sort of reporting tool allowing compile/test every plugins
  declared in update-center.json over lastly released jenkins version
* write a proposal on how about on the "Extending" wiki page we suggest
  that before starting a plugin, put suggestion out to dev and users
  mailing list for comment? (via bap2000)
* write a proposal on Adding "contribute to this plugin" links with
  information on the plugin pages would be helpful as well. (via
  docwhat)




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* abayer
  * abayer to create a wiki page for tracking which plugins have been
    reviewed, and directions on what to do for reviewing
    (tagging/labeling, etc)
* bap2000
  * write a proposal on how about on the "Extending" wiki page we
    suggest that before starting a plugin, put suggestion out to dev and
    users mailing list for comment? (via bap2000)
* docwhat
  * write a proposal on Adding "contribute to this plugin" links with
    information on the plugin pages would be helpful as well. (via
    docwhat)
* kohsuke
  * kohsuke to ask hare_brain to see if he can ask his lawyers about the
    implications of optional voluntary CLAs.
* rtyler
  * rtyler to tally the result and get the the run-off going starting
    next Monday
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * Kohsuke to tweak the maven-hpi-plugin to create source assembly
    during the plugin release
  * write some sort of reporting tool allowing compile/test every
    plugins declared in update-center.json over lastly released jenkins
    version




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* kohsuke (106)
* rseguy (37)
* rtyler (20)
* fcamblor (13)
* kutzi (11)
* docwhat (10)
* abayer (8)
* magnayn (5)
* bap2000 (5)
* redsolo (3)
* mjmac_ (2)
* robobutler (2)
* FunkyFis1 (1)
* Creeture (1)
* jpederzolli (1)
* choas (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
