18:02:27 <kohsuke> #startmeeting
18:02:27 <robobutler> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
18:02:38 <kohsuke> #chair abayer
18:02:38 <robobutler> Current chairs: abayer kohsuke
18:03:21 <kohsuke> Dean said he is in a similar situation as aheritier, so he won't be able to come today
18:03:37 <kohsuke> So looking at http://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
18:03:51 <kohsuke> I guess we'll skip the JIRA stuff
18:03:56 <kohsuke> #topic logo contest status
18:04:29 <kohsuke> #info Tyler gave me access to the Google doc that has the results
18:05:07 <kohsuke> But it still wasn't tallied yet.
18:05:31 <rtyler> oh crap, meeting
18:05:34 <kohsuke> I'm not sure if abayer or rtyler would take that AI, or if I should do it.
18:05:35 * rtyler wakes up
18:05:51 <rtyler> kohsuke: how do you feel about starting the runoff next monday
18:06:02 <kohsuke> Sounds good to me.
18:06:10 <kohsuke> Yes, so the plan was to do a run-off between top two
18:06:12 <rtyler> if so, I can tally and prepare round two of ULTIMATE ROBO LOGO SHOWDOWN
18:06:25 <kohsuke> :-)
18:06:38 <kohsuke> And I'm happy to report that "none of the above" wasn't one of the top two.
18:06:59 <redsolo> :)
18:07:21 <kohsuke> #action rtyler to tally the result and get the the run-off going starting next Monday
18:08:10 <kohsuke> I believe it was #9 and #10 but I could be wrong
18:08:40 <kohsuke> And looks like we got 1900+ votes
18:08:55 <kohsuke> OK, I guess that's enough for this topic...
18:09:17 <kohsuke> #topic Trademark registration status
18:09:44 <kohsuke> On this, I apologize that I haven't made a progress. I'll get that going ASAP
18:10:43 <kohsuke> (Just to recap, the plan was to have a paper in place making sure that CB won't own it, then take Sacha's offer to fund the registration process and legal access)
18:10:54 <kohsuke> So further moving on...
18:11:05 <kohsuke> #topic SFC response / umbrella org
18:11:37 <kohsuke> Still haven't heard back from SFC.
18:12:11 <kohsuke> The last correspondance was to check back in April
18:12:12 <abayer> â€¦and I still need to write up teh Apache sitdown. Sorry, been really busy with work last few weeks. Should be winding down this week.
18:12:21 <rtyler> everybody has been
18:12:32 <rtyler> let's put dean to work :D
18:12:43 <kohsuke> ... so this meeting is serving as a reminder on AIs which is good.
18:13:21 <kohsuke> I was wondering if Dean could explore the implications of optional CLAs with his lawers
18:13:38 <kohsuke> But that's a part of the future topics, I guess.
18:13:58 <kohsuke> I think it still makes sense for abayer to do the Apache write up, given his access to Doug
18:14:23 <kohsuke> Anyway, wrt SFC, I think I'll give it a two more weeks before pinging them again
18:14:44 <rtyler> that sounds reasonable to me
18:14:55 <kohsuke> And for SPI, I still have an AI to get more conversation going.
18:15:10 <kohsuke> Thus far it's been positive.
18:15:46 <kohsuke> Further moving on...
18:15:56 <kohsuke> #topic CLA discussion continued
18:16:43 <kohsuke> I believe the last e-mails were around the idea of not making CLA mandatory but optional for only those who want to sign it
18:17:15 <kohsuke> Personally, I wasn't sure if that serves any purpose, but then Dean seemed more receptive to the idea, so I thought "hey, if that makes lawyers happy, I'm all for it!"
18:17:50 <kohsuke> I wonder if anyone here has access to lawyers that could give us guidance.
18:18:15 <kohsuke> Otherwise I think we are starting go circles.
18:19:02 <kohsuke> (And it looked like Dean had some access to lawyers, so I was hoping he'd discuss that with lawyers.)
18:19:17 <rtyler> I have no access
18:19:24 <kohsuke> I guess I'll write to him.
18:19:56 <kohsuke> #action kohsuke to ask hare_brain to see if he can ask his lawyers about the implications of optional voluntary CLAs.
18:20:01 <rtyler> heh
18:20:38 <kohsuke> And unless someone wants to add to this topic, I think we can further move on...
18:20:57 <kohsuke> #topic Discussion on the way we can strengthen plugins and avoid unnecessary duplication/forks
18:21:13 <kohsuke> This was added by rseguy
18:21:13 <rseguy> I'm the one behind this item
18:21:18 <kohsuke> Yeah
18:21:27 <kohsuke> So the floor is yours :-)
18:21:38 <rseguy> I've noticde recently an increase in plugins doing more or less the same thing
18:21:46 <rseguy> 3 examples:
18:22:09 <rseguy> clearcase/clearcase-ucm-baseline "vs." pucm (or something like that)
18:22:21 <rseguy> copy-to-slave vs. copy-data-to-workspace
18:22:38 <rseguy> last one: backup vs. thin-backup vs. perdiodic-backup
18:22:47 <rseguy> these are just examples I'm aware of
18:22:49 <kohsuke> hmm. true.
18:23:12 <rseguy> for all of them, the only one diff between is always one or two features
18:23:25 <rseguy> ... that could have been integrated in the "main" plugin
18:23:49 <rseguy> and now we end up with more plugins for users with less functions
18:24:30 <docwhat> May I mention that as someone who wants to contribute, finding the source for plugins can also be hard may contribute to multiple plugins.  Adding links in the wiki to the source repos would probably help as well. (I'm unsure if I'm aloud to speak....)
18:24:34 <rseguy> so I was thinking we could have written some guidelines to help people cooperating on plugins rather than everybody doing a new one on his own
18:24:58 <kohsuke> docwhat: I thought we fixed that recently in the last month or so. Now the plugin page has a link to the source code
18:25:27 <kutzi> Yes, looks like they have
18:25:51 <kutzi> I think the 1st step, is for the plugins to be findable
18:25:55 <kohsuke> Yeah, +1 on having a Wiki page that talks about how to check out an existing plugin, make modifications, install the modified version on your Jenkins, and push back the changes.
18:25:58 <rseguy> frankly said, I have no idea on how we can help people cooperating on the same plugins being open, so this might be hard to set up something :-)
18:26:20 <kutzi> E.g. I cannot find the periodic-backup plugin here http://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Plugins
18:26:22 <abayer> I think we should do a better job at tagging/labeling the functionality of plugins.
18:26:37 <Creeture> Update the MarkDown README at the top of github. Would that help?
18:26:38 <rseguy> an idea: what about also adding keywords to plugins to better find them?
18:26:42 <kutzi> +1 on better labeling
18:26:59 <rseguy> +1 too
18:27:04 <docwhat> Adding "contribute to this plugin" links with information on the plugin pages would be helpful as well.
18:27:05 <abayer> Perhaps as a community project, we should review all the existing plugins - both wiki page and actual source - and update the wiki page to have better labeling, with more than just the rough categories we have now.
18:27:16 <abayer> +1 to docwhat's suggestion as well.
18:27:22 <rseguy> we also need to be sure that plugins have a wiki page
18:27:34 <docwhat> +1 rseguy's suggestion
18:27:38 <kohsuke> rseguy: that's something automatable, so I like that
18:27:58 <bap2000> how about on the "Extending" wiki page we suggest that before starting a plugin, put suggestion out to dev and users mailing list for comment?
18:28:03 <kutzi> can we do a check for a Wiki page during plugins' releases?
18:28:17 <docwhat> Would it be possible to leverage the same code that the Plugin Manager uses to generate the list and pages for the wiki?
18:28:22 <bap2000> ... and on the plugin dev page too
18:28:46 <kohsuke> kutzi: people also develop in-house plugins, so it's bit tricky to do it at the release time, I think.
18:29:28 <kohsuke> docwhat: we can generate a separate plugin index page from Wiki if that's useful, but is it?
18:29:31 <abayer> #idea Crowdsourcing a review of all existing plugins, to understand their capabilities/overlaps/etc.
18:29:58 <rseguy> +1 on the review
18:30:01 <docwhat> kohsuke: I'm just thinking that I find the wiki pages via the Plugin Manager....so duplicating that someplace public might be useful.
18:30:15 <kohsuke> OK.
18:30:42 <rseguy> I guess many Jenkins instances are not connected to Internet (my case), so I never use the plugin manager...
18:30:50 <abayer> #action abayer to create a wiki page for tracking which plugins have been reviewed, and directions on what to do for reviewing (tagging/labeling, etc)
18:31:04 <choas> I've fixed a virtualbox4 problem .. but this results to a new plugin (not sure if it works with virtualbox < 4) .. should it have its own wiki?
18:31:12 <kohsuke> abayer: so the goal of the crowdsourcing is to identify similar plugins that are candidates for consolidations?
18:31:17 <rseguy> we also need to emphasize plugins licenses
18:31:22 <docwhat> rseguy: As a new Jenkins user, I've used Jenkin's itself as the source for lots of information.
18:31:32 <docwhat> +1 rseguy's suggestion on licenses.
18:31:49 <kohsuke> #idea add the license information to the banner
18:32:17 <fcamblor> Hi all :-)
18:32:21 <mjmac_> anyone run into the problem of a particular matrix combination stubbornly remaining in a "disabled" state even when it's not explicitly excluded by the combination filter?
18:32:26 <rseguy> it's important, e.g. I wanted to consolidate pucm in clearcase/clearcase-ucm-baseline, but it's GPL, others are MIT...
18:32:27 <fcamblor> +1 for kohsuke"s idea
18:32:42 <abayer> kohsuke: And to just get a better sense of "plugin X does thingie Y" so that it's easier for users to find a plugin that fits their needs.
18:32:42 <mjmac_> oops...  sorry to butt in
18:33:00 <kohsuke> choas: let's take that to the dev list and I can see if it can be merged together
18:33:42 * kohsuke goes back to the discussion in this topic to capture ideas in the record...
18:34:20 <kohsuke> #idea write a Wiki page that focus on "how to modify an existing plugin and get your change integrated"
18:34:30 <FunkyFis1> as no one seems to point it out: shouldn't someone just ask the three examples why they started a new one?
18:34:48 <kohsuke> Good idea
18:34:51 <rseguy> +1
18:35:04 <kohsuke> #idea ask the three examples why they started a new one. (via FunkyFis1)
18:35:10 <fcamblor> Speaking about plugin compats, wouldn't it be nice to trigger a report somewhere allowing to track API incompatibilities between current jenkins version and greater tagged plugin version (maybe we could discuss about this in a later governance meeting ..)
18:35:34 <rseguy> but what if it's just because they wanted their own code and not one from other?
18:35:42 <rseguy> would you refuse the plugin?
18:35:53 <kohsuke> I think the goal of asking is just to understand
18:36:02 <rseguy> ok
18:36:32 <kohsuke> If someone really wants his own code, I think that's fine. That's called competition.
18:36:34 <kutzi> rseguy: I think no one is thinking about 'refusing' plugins?
18:36:45 <fcamblor> I'm thinking about some sort of maven reporting plugin trying to checkout tagged plugin source, try to change parent.GAV attributes in pom.xml on latest jenkins GAV, and try to compile/launch test over current released plugin
18:36:46 <rseguy> we should not!
18:36:49 <kohsuke> We just want to encourage them to cooperate.
18:36:54 <kutzi> sure
18:36:58 <rseguy> yep
18:37:14 <kohsuke> fcamblor: want to take an AI for that :-)
18:37:16 <kohsuke> ?
18:37:39 <kohsuke> Creeture: you earlier said "Update the MarkDown README at the top of github. Would that help?"  --- which page you are referring to?
18:37:40 <fcamblor> AI ? :)
18:37:44 <kohsuke> action item
18:37:59 <rtyler> also: Artificial Idiot
18:38:05 * rtyler has strong AI
18:38:06 <fcamblor> oh ok why not, but I won't be able to have results rapidly :)
18:38:11 <fcamblor> huhu :)
18:38:50 <kohsuke> I think it'd be a great addition
18:38:56 <kohsuke> bulk testing plugins with releases
18:39:06 <fcamblor> yup
18:39:13 <kohsuke> #idea what about also adding keywords to plugins to better find them? (via rseguy)
18:39:19 <redsolo> i would love to see that
18:39:29 * redsolo means the testing of plugins
18:39:35 <kutzi> you mean in the POM or where?
18:39:51 <rtyler> kohsuke: does JIRA support tags for pages?
18:39:54 <fcamblor> yup in the pom
18:39:57 <abayer> kohsuke: That's kind of what I meant as part of the review process - tagging/labeling. =) I think it should probably be on the wiki for now, and maybe eventually integerated into the update center.
18:40:07 <kohsuke> I guess it's to the Wiki pages
18:40:07 <docwhat> kohsuke: I'd love tags of some kind on Plugins, they are so many right now.  They'd make finding them in the GUI much easier.
18:40:23 <rseguy> another possible action item: easing the access to source code for those poor guys (me...) with no svn/git access from work, e.g. by bundling a zip when a plugin is released (actually, by putting it more in emphasis compared to today)
18:41:11 <kohsuke> (people should use the hash-idea tag on their own to keep this in the minutes!)
18:41:22 <kutzi> Just getting the sources should be possible ober HTTP, isn't it?
18:41:33 <rseguy> #idea easing the access to source code for those poor guys (me...) with no svn/git access from work, e.g. by bundling a zip when a plugin is released (actually, by putting it more in emphasis compared to today)
18:41:42 <kohsuke> I can tweak the maven-hpi-plugin to produce the source assembly
18:41:50 <kohsuke> Seems easy enough and if it helps some, why not?
18:41:54 <jpederzolli> you can already download a source zip from github right?
18:42:06 <rtyler> yes
18:42:27 <rseguy> so just put a link in the wiki :)
18:43:14 <kutzi> that leaves the plugins still in SVN, but for me it's okay to ignore them
18:43:20 <rtyler> heh
18:43:28 <kohsuke> #action Kohsuke to tweak the maven-hpi-plugin to create source assembly during the plugin release
18:43:30 <kutzi> as github should be the future?
18:43:41 <docwhat> #idea Help find/organize plugins by generating a list of plugins dynamically from the same info the "Manage Plugin" does in Jenkins and putting it in the wiki or next to the wiki. This could also verify that wiki pages exist and are filled out right.
18:44:02 <rtyler> magnayn: you're here just in time for some plugin chatter, see /topic
18:44:33 <rseguy> #idea Add a search engine based on labels for plugins
18:44:52 <kohsuke> We need some volunteers to tackle those
18:44:56 <docwhat> #idea Plugin Quickstart Utility -- a simple utility that helps either get an existing plugin or creates a skeleton plugin and verifies environment is ready for development.
18:45:22 <kohsuke> Hmm, that's interesting. That could be another mojo for maven-hpi-plugin
18:45:33 <kohsuke> hpi:checkout -Dplugin=XYZ
18:45:36 <bap2000> is that not hpi:create?
18:45:40 <fcamblor> #action write some sort of reporting tool allowing compile/test every plugins declared in update-center.json over lastly released jenkins version
18:45:49 <bap2000> gives the HElloWorld or whatever turns up
18:46:04 <kohsuke> bap2000: the point is to check out an existing one, not create a new one
18:46:11 <bap2000> k
18:46:14 <magnayn> #idea could we have an 'unstable' update-center.json generated from the jenkins CI instance? My impression is people get keen to release very often so some patch/change can become visible for users..
18:46:32 <rseguy> I like this one
18:46:34 <fcamblor> kohsuke: I love your hpi:checkout goal, it would be a good start for my  reporting tool :-D
18:47:04 <kohsuke> true
18:47:18 <kohsuke> magnayn: I guess for that we need snapshots to be available somewhere
18:47:41 <kohsuke> But yeah, we have a machinery in place for that.
18:47:50 <rseguy> what about having some kind of experimental flag in released plugins that?
18:47:58 <magnayn> yes - I guess either push them to a nexus instance or something, or use the repository plugin to make available
18:48:25 <kohsuke> I like the repository plugin better. That way plugin devs don't have to push them
18:49:23 <kohsuke> OK, lots of interesting ideas. Aside from fcamblor any one interested in spending some time on some of this?
18:49:49 <kohsuke> (and dumping other past ideas)
18:49:50 <kohsuke> #idea Adding "contribute to this plugin" links with information on the plugin pages would be helpful as well. (via docwhat)
18:49:53 <rseguy> for doc stuff I can, for tech stuff no, I'm not a maven guy...
18:49:54 <kohsuke> #idea how about on the "Extending" wiki page we suggest that before starting a plugin, put suggestion out to dev and users mailing list for comment? (via bap2000)
18:49:57 <kohsuke> #idea Would it be possible to leverage the same code that the Plugin Manager uses to generate the list and pages for the wiki? (via docwhat)
18:49:58 <magnayn> I was going to look into the above if someone can point me to how the update-json is generated
18:50:42 <kohsuke> magnayn: it's driven from Nexus index
18:51:21 <magnayn> is the source available?
18:51:23 <kohsuke> (which we can generate from a directory very easily, too)
18:51:31 <kohsuke> The update center generator? Yes.
18:52:04 <kohsuke> If you can send an e-mail to the dev list, that'd be great --- we can take it from there
18:52:12 <kohsuke> I can give you pointers
18:52:23 <magnayn> ok. will do sometime this week
18:52:27 <kohsuke> thanks
18:53:06 <kohsuke> rseguy: maybe you can help us with a first stab at a Wiki page that talks about how to contribute to an existing plugin?
18:53:14 <rseguy> #action write a proposal on how about on the "Extending" wiki page we suggest that before starting a plugin, put suggestion out to dev and users mailing list for comment? (via bap2000)
18:53:24 <kohsuke> thanks
18:53:37 <rseguy> #action write a proposal on Adding "contribute to this plugin" links with information on the plugin pages would be helpful as well. (via docwhat)
18:53:42 <rseguy> yep, I'll do
18:53:53 <kohsuke> OK, before the time runs out, we need to decide the next meeting coordinate.
18:53:57 <kohsuke> Would it be OK to leave this topic?
18:54:08 <rseguy> for me yes
18:54:12 <kohsuke> #topic When will be the next meeting?
18:54:24 <rtyler> RIGHT NOW
18:54:44 <kohsuke> Two weeks from now?
18:55:02 <rtyler> will two weeks give everybody enough time to make forward progress on some of these action idems?
18:55:21 <rseguy> ok for mine (doc stuff, easy ;-))
18:56:00 <kohsuke> Not sure, but I don't know giving more time contributes to the progress.
18:56:10 <fcamblor> I agree :)
18:56:36 <fcamblor> Let's define targets and see if things move on :)
18:57:08 <kohsuke> OK, anyone objects to the same time in two weeks?
18:57:36 <kohsuke> #agreed next meeting will be in the same time, two weeks from now.
18:57:46 <rtyler> yay
18:57:59 <rtyler> kohsuke: sorry I got to the tweeting about the meeting late
18:58:03 <kohsuke> No worries.
18:58:09 <kohsuke> With that, I think we adjourn.
18:58:12 <rtyler> perhaps we should just schedule posts in drupal about it ~12 hours before
18:58:16 <kohsuke> +1
18:58:30 <kohsuke> #endmeeting