================
#jenkins Meeting
================


Meeting started by kohsuke at 23:02:35 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2011/jenkins.2011-02-04-23.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* proposal for Jenkins governance structure  (kohsuke, 23:04:18)
  * At a minimum, I think anyone who has committed to core or any
    plugins/extras/etc hosted in our Github org should have voting
    rights, and it makes sense to recognize the efforts of bug
    reporters, contributors to the wiki, etc as well. (from abayer)
    (kohsuke, 23:09:50)
  * IDEA: tech support on the mailing lists and irc, but that's kind of
    hard to track :/ (from rpetti)  (kohsuke, 23:10:02)
  * that sounds good, it can have a metric applied to it, etc (from
    mwalling)  (kohsuke, 23:10:39)
  * since we're on github now, what about people who fork and send pull
    request, but don't commit directly? not sure if there are many of
    those (from tom_huybrechts)  (kohsuke, 23:12:45)
  * (in repsonse to lacostej asking why not just have a hardcoded list)
    that's a fair point, but with Jenkins, we are consciously trying to
    have as broad a communitya s possible.  (abayer, 23:13:28)
  * lacostej: in our case maybe those who signed CLA could form the
    "core committer" group?  (kohsuke, 23:13:36)
  * IDEA: I think having some automatability is a must in eligibility
    determination. I hope that much can be agreed on by all  (kohsuke,
    23:14:54)
  * AGREED: voting eligibility must be automate-able.  (kohsuke,
    23:15:57)
  * Like I said, I'm working on the actual proposal - which won't be set
    in stone in the least. This is definitely helping shape it, though.
    (abayer, 23:16:02)
  * ACTION: abayer to write a proposal of the voter eligibility
    (kohsuke, 23:17:03)
  * IDEA: why not to have a competition for the logo?  (AhtiK, 23:17:22)

* The logo  (kohsuke, 23:17:30)
  * IDEA: why not to have a competition for the logo?  (AhtiK, 23:17:57)
  * Ok, so the current logo is, in fact, Microsoft clipart. Turns out
    that we're probably not using it in a way that actually fits their
    terms of use. So we should, y'know, change it. =)  (abayer,
    23:18:06)
  * IDEA: I'd still like a butler-themed logo - that's an integral part
    of the project's identity, I think.  (abayer, 23:18:35)
  * LINK: http://blog.stackoverflow.com/2008/04/logo-design-contest/
    (mwalling, 23:18:38)
  * IDEA: A logo contest but with some guidelines ?  (aheritier,
    23:18:58)
  * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jenkins lists several interpretations
    for Jenkins as a name (for logo inspiration).  (AhtiK, 23:19:00)
  * at least one person contacted me offline that he might be able to
    pitch in his designer resource  (kohsuke, 23:19:05)
  * LINK: http://blog.stackoverflow.com/2008/04/logo-design-contest/
    (from mwalling)  (kohsuke, 23:19:52)
  * IDEA: I would say poll the community, and if nothing comes of it,
    hit up 99designs or some other third party (from rpetti)  (abayer,
    23:20:21)
  * IDEA: Multiple contests, one for the theme… and then the actual
    artwork?  (larrys, 23:20:22)
  * I've used 99designs once and liked it  (kohsuke, 23:20:38)
  * LINK:
    http://99designs.com/help/how-much-does-running-a-design-contest-cost
    99 designs rate sheet  (mwalling, 23:20:46)
  * IDEA: one reason for keeping the butler theme is to emphasize the
    continuity.  (kohsuke, 23:21:14)
  * ACTION: we'll send an email out to the groups explaining why we need
    to change logos, and calling for logo ideas/designs from the
    community.  (kohsuke, 23:22:45)
  * IDEA: 2 weeks would be a good time frame for this (from AhtiK)
    (kohsuke, 23:23:24)
  * while designing a new logo it would be nice if it has less details
    than current one. It's hard to scale it to 16x16 while keeping the
    integrity.  (AhtiK, 23:25:40)
  * AGREED: there was good consensus to the butler theme, but we are not
    violently averse to other ideas for logos if they're really really
    awesome  (kohsuke, 23:25:54)
  * SVG might be preferable.  (rpetti, 23:25:59)
  * in 99 designs they'll always just give you a vector graphics version
    (kohsuke, 23:27:24)
  * IDEA: I think once we decide on logo, we can then ask for the
    community to try a good 16x16 version  (kohsuke, 23:28:02)

* Trademark registration  (kohsuke, 23:29:07)
  * So we need to register trademarks (EU+US, I'd say) for Jenkins.
    That's not cheap. CloudBees has offered to help pay for this, but
    I'm honestly not sure whether that's something we want right now.
    It's important to make it clear to everyone that Jenkins is not a
    CloudBees project - it's a community project, independent of any
    company.  (abayer, 23:30:51)
  * Just to make sure, the registration will be still under my name, as
    we planned and said early on.  (kohsuke, 23:31:32)
  * ... to be transfered to the custodian when we move under there.
    (kohsuke, 23:31:50)
  * IDEA: how about setting up a donation for the trademark
    registration?  (emanuelez, 23:32:22)
  * SPI does money handling/donation processing for other projects
    (drupal, debian, etc)  (mwalling, 23:33:07)
  * Having a way to take donations is a key goal - we just don't ahve
    that yet.  (abayer, 23:33:10)
  * IDEA: Which trademark do we register ? Jenkins vs JenkinsCI vs ...
    (aheritier, 23:33:38)
  * IDEA: I wanted to keep for post-formal Q&A but now seems a good
    place: Now that Oracle is probably not going to continue its support
    for Jenkins, should there be a more endorsed form of donation? Is
    there going to be an organization who could even receive some
    financial help from the community to support Jenkins? Is there a
    need for such help?  (AhtiK, 23:33:38)
  * The plan is to be under the wing of a formal foundation, be it SFC
    or elsewhere, which would be able to take donations, own
    trademarks/copyrights/hardware assets, pay bills, etc.  (abayer,
    23:34:31)
  * But that's not in place now, and we need to get the registration
    done ASAP.  (abayer, 23:34:49)
  * At least a couple thousand $, probably.  (abayer, 23:35:56)
  * so the cheap-cheap online registration service for trademark on US +
    EU is like $1K  (kohsuke, 23:35:56)
  * LINK: http://www.uspto.gov/inventors/trademarks.jsp#heading-5 USPTO
    trademark costs, 275 to 375  (mwalling, 23:36:00)
  * http://www.uspto.gov/inventors/trademarks.jsp#heading-5 USPTO
    trademark costs, 275 to 375 (by mwalling )  (aheritier, 23:36:32)
  * my understanding is that if you use a real lawyer, it's one order of
    magnitude more  (kohsuke, 23:36:33)
  * AGREED: on allowing CloudBees et. all to donate to the Jenkins
    project once we have a formal donation mechanism in place  (rtyler,
    23:37:48)
  * IDEA: so sounds like the main question is how to do donations now?
    (kohsuke, 23:37:48)
  * ACTION: abayer and kohsuke to pin down the exact costs on trademark
    registration  (rtyler, 23:38:51)
  * ACTION: rtyler to research means of accepting donations as soon as
    possible to cover infrastructure, trademark and other costs
    (rtyler, 23:39:29)
  * ACTION: Someone (kohsuke)? to figure out the difference between the
    $1k and $10k registrations in terms of what we'd actually get. =)
    (abayer, 23:40:10)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to figure out the difference between $1k and 1$10k
    registrations for TM, and what the project would receive for each
    (rtyler, 23:40:56)
  * AGREED: Ok, I think the resolution for now is that we're willing to
    take donations from CloudBees, but if we can find a way to make this
    work without having to have CloudBees do the actual registration,
    we're better off. So more research is needed.  (abayer, 23:41:18)
  * 900€ for EU community trademark, see
    http://oami.europa.eu/ows/rw/pages/CTM/feesPayment/feesPayment.en.do
    (tom_huybrechts, 23:41:58)
  * ACTION: abayer, kohsuke, hare_brain: figure out  what exactly we're
    going to register. =)  (abayer, 23:42:24)
  * AGREED: the trademark will be just "Jenkins". Not "Jenkins CI", no
    logo.  (kohsuke, 23:43:52)

* Umbrella foundation  (abayer, 23:44:25)
  * So as we've mentioned, we've been hoping to get Jenkins into SFC
    (the Software Freedom Conservancy) as a legal umbrella.  (abayer,
    23:45:09)
  * that'd give us an entity to hold trademarks/copyrights, take
    donations, pay bills, etc.  (abayer, 23:45:25)
  * IDEA: next time, please post the agenda  (uzilan, 23:45:37)
  * ACTION: rtyler to prepare meeting agenda ahead of time for the next
    meeting  (rtyler, 23:45:54)
  * But it's not a sure thing we'll be able to use SFC. They're a little
    worried about messing with Oracle, they're a little overloaded with
    projects already, etc.  (abayer, 23:46:03)
  * So I think we need to look into alternatives as well.  (abayer,
    23:46:22)
  * IDEA: apache?  (uzilan, 23:46:48)
  * Just to make sure, SFC is still something we are pursuing. I still
    like the SFC model best.  (kohsuke, 23:47:16)
  * ASF is a pipe dream of mine here - admittedly influenced by olamy,
    aheritier and the swarm of Apache committers/members I work with. =)
    But from waht I know, the problem is that we can't get copyright
    reassignment of the existing code to Apache, nor can we relicense.
    (abayer, 23:47:30)
  * Since Oracle owns (or co-owns) the copyright on the code.  (abayer,
    23:47:47)
  * IDEA: I think it's worth at least talking with Apache as to whether
    there's any chance we can pair up.  (abayer, 23:48:53)
  * IDEA: Out of curiosity, how hard is it to set up an entity on our
    own?  (kohsuke, 23:48:59)
  * LINK: http://www.spi-inc.org/ SPI is the umbrella that covers
    Debian, Drupal, Gallery, OOo, OpenWrt, PostgreSQL, etc, to throw in
    a third option  (mwalling, 23:50:14)
  * LINK: http://www.spi-inc.org/ An alternative to the SFC  (rtyler,
    23:50:45)
  * the purposes for an umbrella organization are: recipient of CLAs,
    legal representation, donation accepting, etc  (rtyler, 23:51:46)
  * ACTION: abayer to dig more into what sort of leeway the ASF might be
    able to grant the Jenkins project  (rtyler, 23:53:21)
  * LINK:
    http://www.mail-archive.com/spi-general@lists.spi-inc.org/msg01126.html
    a google hit for "SPI vs SFC", seems to be semi useful  (mwalling,
    23:53:42)
  * LINK: http://www.spi-inc.org/projects/associated-project-howto/
    (AhtiK, 23:54:37)
  * AGREED: Codehaus is just a hosting platform. Or so I hear. From
    everyone.  (abayer, 23:56:25)
  * kohsuke also raised an interesting question before regarding how
    much it would cost to set up the org itself. non-profit. but maybe
    even more than the cost itself it's the effort and time it takes to
    manage.... could be too much time to waste on paperwork.  (AhtiK,
    23:57:27)
  * AGREED: Setting up our own Jenkins Foundation is a last resort
    option provided other alternatives don't work out  (rtyler,
    23:58:03)

* The CLA - what's needed now?  (abayer, 23:59:47)
  * So previously, changes to core required submitting a CLA to Oracle.
    (abayer, 00:00:03)
  * Obviously, that doesn't apply any more (and I, in fact, am going to
    be revoking my Oracle CLA). So what are the rules for contributing
    to core now?  (abayer, 00:00:34)
  * CLA -> Contributor License Agreement  (rtyler, 00:00:37)
  * Current one is http://oss.oracle.com/oca.pdf  (kohsuke, 00:00:49)
  * So in the interim, do we keep using the existing CLA?  (abayer,
    00:01:46)
  * IDEA: Core contributors signing an "intent to sign a CLA for
    Jenkins" once an umbrella organization is found to assign to
    (rtyler, 00:05:07)
  * that reminds me that we need to know where the difference between a
    patch vs a change  (kohsuke, 00:06:40)
  * History background: one of the main reasons why there was an SCA was
    because Sun had to change the license for a project with many
    contrbutors and it was a mess.  (pelegri, 00:09:54)
  * Eclipse.org projects need to get CLA signed only for contributions
    that are bigger than X lines (sry, have forgotten what the X was).
    (AhtiK, 00:10:20)
  * Ok, how many core devs do we have in here at the moment?  (abayer,
    00:10:20)
  * my opinion is to ride it out until we're entitized, then get people
    to sign CLAs. no CLA, signifigant patches rolled back, grumbling,
    etc.  (mwalling, 00:11:02)
  * i also think CLAs should cover plugins under github/jenkinsci/
    (mwalling, 00:11:25)
  * in practice, I think I personally trust the fairly limited number of
    contributors to core to not screw us over in the (hopefully!) short
    time until we have a real CLA, etc.  (abayer, 00:12:11)
  * IDEA: JCA -> Jenkins Contributor Agreement  (rtyler, 00:13:25)
  * there are two risks (of not SCA): One is code is not of the
    contributor (and illegal).  Two is we can't change the copryight /
    license later.  (pelegri, 00:13:47)
  * IDEA: We don't have a formal CLA until we have a legal entity, etc.
    We ask all core devs to acknowledge that they'll need to sign a CLA
    when we *do* hae an entity. We probably don't add any more core devs
    until there's a formal CLA process. Pull requests can still be
    taken, so long as they're not huge.  (abayer, 00:14:31)
  * ACTION: kohsuke, abayer, hare_brain to get a draft CLA ready before
    we meet next.  (abayer, 00:15:07)
  * IDEA: an addendum - we also don't do any massive changes to core
    functionality until the formal CLA is in place, in case of a worst
    case scenario of someone going back on it and not signing, etc.
    (abayer, 00:16:20)
  * ACTION: : update
    http://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Copyright+on+source+code
    (aheritier, 00:17:40)
  * AGREED: No massive core changes until CLA is set up  (rtyler,
    00:18:22)
  * ACTION: abayer to get statements from all core devs on their intent
    to sign eventual CLA.  (abayer, 00:18:37)

* Next meeting logistics  (abayer, 00:18:52)
  * Just to have some background when to ask for CLA - for example,
    Eclipse requires signing agreement for contributions with more than
    250 lines. More details
    http://www.eclipse.org/legal/EclipseLegalProcessPoster.pdf  (AhtiK,
    00:19:08)
  * IDEA: Schedule meeting for earlier than 11:00 PM for our european
    users  (rtyler, 00:19:18)
  * IDEA: I'd like to meet weekly for the time being - we've got a lot
    of stuff to iron out, etc.  (abayer, 00:20:42)
  * AGREED: No more friday meetings  (rtyler, 00:20:57)
  * AGREED: Weekly meetings until further notice, and some more things
    are ironed out  (rtyler, 00:21:12)
  * IDEA: How would 11am PST (8pm CET) on Wednesdays work for people?
    (abayer, 00:21:23)
  * LINK:
    http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingtime.html?month=2&day=9&year=2011&p1=195&p2=224&p3=57&p4=-1
    (AhtiK, 00:23:56)
  * ACTION: rtyler to work with abayer, kohsuke and hare_brain on agenda
    for next week's meeting.  (abayer, 00:23:58)
  * ACTION: rtyler to post a meeting agenda and accouncement at least a
    good 24 hours ahead of time to the blog  (rtyler, 00:24:18)
  * IDEA: Next Wednesday, 11am PST (8pm CET, 7pm GMT, 2pm EST), for next
    meeting and then revisit scheduling depending on how that works.
    (abayer, 00:24:42)
  * IDEA: Ensure meetings are primarily things that need discussion over
    IRC, and cannot be resolved over the mailing lists  (rtyler,
    00:24:49)
  * The interim board is all in the PST timezone  (rtyler, 00:25:17)
  * AGREED: Next meeting, Wednesday Feb 9, 11am PST etc.  (abayer,
    00:25:51)
  * IDEA: so use the mailing list to lock down agenda of topics
    (larrys, 00:25:55)
  * IDEA: use the wiki for the agenda planning  (mwalling, 00:26:25)
  * IDEA: : Open a google agenda to share it with everybody  (aheritier,
    00:26:38)
  * IDEA: proposing to allow additions to agenda from the community and
    just have the agenda fixed before the start. optionally Q&A/open mic
    in the end.  (AhtiK, 00:27:14)
  * ACTION: rtyler to post meeting notes and an overview to the blog in
    the next 24 hours  (rtyler, 00:27:15)

Meeting ended at 00:27:47 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* abayer to write a proposal of the voter eligibility
* we'll send an email out to the groups explaining why we need to change
  logos, and calling for logo ideas/designs from the community.
* abayer and kohsuke to pin down the exact costs on trademark
  registration
* rtyler to research means of accepting donations as soon as possible to
  cover infrastructure, trademark and other costs
* Someone (kohsuke)? to figure out the difference between the $1k and
  $10k registrations in terms of what we'd actually get. =)
* kohsuke to figure out the difference between $1k and 1$10k
  registrations for TM, and what the project would receive for each
* abayer, kohsuke, hare_brain: figure out  what exactly we're going to
  register. =)
* rtyler to prepare meeting agenda ahead of time for the next meeting
* abayer to dig more into what sort of leeway the ASF might be able to
  grant the Jenkins project
* kohsuke, abayer, hare_brain to get a draft CLA ready before we meet
  next.
* : update
  http://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Copyright+on+source+code
* abayer to get statements from all core devs on their intent to sign
  eventual CLA.
* rtyler to work with abayer, kohsuke and hare_brain on agenda for next
  week's meeting.
* rtyler to post a meeting agenda and accouncement at least a good 24
  hours ahead of time to the blog
* rtyler to post meeting notes and an overview to the blog in the next
  24 hours




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* abayer
  * abayer to write a proposal of the voter eligibility
  * abayer and kohsuke to pin down the exact costs on trademark
    registration
  * abayer, kohsuke, hare_brain: figure out  what exactly we're going to
    register. =)
  * abayer to dig more into what sort of leeway the ASF might be able to
    grant the Jenkins project
  * kohsuke, abayer, hare_brain to get a draft CLA ready before we meet
    next.
  * abayer to get statements from all core devs on their intent to sign
    eventual CLA.
  * rtyler to work with abayer, kohsuke and hare_brain on agenda for
    next week's meeting.
* hare_brain
  * abayer, kohsuke, hare_brain: figure out  what exactly we're going to
    register. =)
  * kohsuke, abayer, hare_brain to get a draft CLA ready before we meet
    next.
  * rtyler to work with abayer, kohsuke and hare_brain on agenda for
    next week's meeting.
* kohsuke
  * abayer and kohsuke to pin down the exact costs on trademark
    registration
  * Someone (kohsuke)? to figure out the difference between the $1k and
    $10k registrations in terms of what we'd actually get. =)
  * kohsuke to figure out the difference between $1k and 1$10k
    registrations for TM, and what the project would receive for each
  * abayer, kohsuke, hare_brain: figure out  what exactly we're going to
    register. =)
  * kohsuke, abayer, hare_brain to get a draft CLA ready before we meet
    next.
  * rtyler to work with abayer, kohsuke and hare_brain on agenda for
    next week's meeting.
* rtyler
  * rtyler to research means of accepting donations as soon as possible
    to cover infrastructure, trademark and other costs
  * rtyler to prepare meeting agenda ahead of time for the next meeting
  * rtyler to work with abayer, kohsuke and hare_brain on agenda for
    next week's meeting.
  * rtyler to post a meeting agenda and accouncement at least a good 24
    hours ahead of time to the blog
  * rtyler to post meeting notes and an overview to the blog in the next
    24 hours
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * we'll send an email out to the groups explaining why we need to
    change logos, and calling for logo ideas/designs from the community.
  * : update
    http://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Copyright+on+source+code




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* abayer (158)
* rtyler (92)
* kohsuke (83)
* aheritier (63)
* mwalling (50)
* larrys (42)
* AhtiK (27)
* pelegri (22)
* hare_brain (15)
* rpetti (10)
* uzilan (10)
* bap2000 (9)
* tom_huybrechts (9)
* emanuelez (8)
* olamy (7)
* mindless (6)
* lacostej (5)
* taco (5)
* calavera (5)
* robobutler (3)
* onlyteo (2)
* atmos (2)
* vtintillier (1)
* fredg02 (1)
* ssogabe (1)
* cquinn1 (1)
* zaphX (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
