<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:02:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:02:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:02:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">abayer</span>
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:02:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Current chairs: abayer kohsuke
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:03:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Dean said he is in a similar situation as aheritier, so he won't be able to come today
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:03:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> So looking at http://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:03:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I guess we'll skip the JIRA stuff
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:03:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">logo contest status</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:04:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Tyler gave me access to the Google doc that has the results</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:05:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> But it still wasn't tallied yet.
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:05:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> oh crap, meeting
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:05:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I'm not sure if abayer or rtyler would take that AI, or if I should do it.
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:05:35 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">wakes up</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:05:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> how do you feel about starting the runoff next monday
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:06:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Sounds good to me.
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:06:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Yes, so the plan was to do a run-off between top two
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:06:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> if so, I can tally and prepare round two of ULTIMATE ROBO LOGO SHOWDOWN
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:06:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:06:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> And I'm happy to report that "none of the above" wasn't one of the top two.
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:06:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;redsolo&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:07:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">rtyler to tally the result and get the the run-off going starting next Monday</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:08:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I believe it was #9 and #10 but I could be wrong
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:08:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> And looks like we got 1900+ votes
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:08:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> OK, I guess that's enough for this topic...
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:09:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Trademark registration status</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:09:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> On this, I apologize that I haven't made a progress. I'll get that going ASAP
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:10:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> (Just to recap, the plan was to have a paper in place making sure that CB won't own it, then take Sacha's offer to fund the registration process and legal access)
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:10:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> So further moving on...
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:11:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">SFC response / umbrella org</span>
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:11:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Still haven't heard back from SFC.
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:12:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> The last correspondance was to check back in April
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:12:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> â€¦and I still need to write up teh Apache sitdown. Sorry, been really busy with work last few weeks. Should be winding down this week.
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:12:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> everybody has been
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:12:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> let's put dean to work :D
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:12:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> ... so this meeting is serving as a reminder on AIs which is good.
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:13:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I was wondering if Dean could explore the implications of optional CLAs with his lawers
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:13:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> But that's a part of the future topics, I guess.
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:13:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I think it still makes sense for abayer to do the Apache write up, given his access to Doug
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:14:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Anyway, wrt SFC, I think I'll give it a two more weeks before pinging them again
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:14:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> that sounds reasonable to me
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:14:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> And for SPI, I still have an AI to get more conversation going.
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:15:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Thus far it's been positive.
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:15:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Further moving on...
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:15:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">CLA discussion continued</span>
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:16:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I believe the last e-mails were around the idea of not making CLA mandatory but optional for only those who want to sign it
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:17:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Personally, I wasn't sure if that serves any purpose, but then Dean seemed more receptive to the idea, so I thought "hey, if that makes lawyers happy, I'm all for it!"
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:17:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I wonder if anyone here has access to lawyers that could give us guidance.
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:18:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Otherwise I think we are starting go circles.
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:19:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> (And it looked like Dean had some access to lawyers, so I was hoping he'd discuss that with lawyers.)
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:19:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I have no access
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:19:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I guess I'll write to him.
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:19:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">kohsuke to ask hare_brain to see if he can ask his lawyers about the implications of optional voluntary CLAs.</span>
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:20:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:20:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> And unless someone wants to add to this topic, I think we can further move on...
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:20:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Discussion on the way we can strengthen plugins and avoid unnecessary duplication/forks</span>
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:21:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> This was added by rseguy
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:21:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> I'm the one behind this item
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:21:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Yeah
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:21:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> So the floor is yours :-)
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:21:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> I've noticde recently an increase in plugins doing more or less the same thing
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:21:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> 3 examples:
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:22:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> clearcase/clearcase-ucm-baseline "vs." pucm (or something like that)
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:22:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> copy-to-slave vs. copy-data-to-workspace
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:22:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> last one: backup vs. thin-backup vs. perdiodic-backup
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:22:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> these are just examples I'm aware of
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:22:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> hmm. true.
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:23:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> for all of them, the only one diff between is always one or two features
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:23:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> ... that could have been integrated in the "main" plugin
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:23:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> and now we end up with more plugins for users with less functions
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:24:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;docwhat&gt;</span> May I mention that as someone who wants to contribute, finding the source for plugins can also be hard may contribute to multiple plugins.  Adding links in the wiki to the source repos would probably help as well. (I'm unsure if I'm aloud to speak....)
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:24:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> so I was thinking we could have written some guidelines to help people cooperating on plugins rather than everybody doing a new one on his own
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:24:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">docwhat:</span> I thought we fixed that recently in the last month or so. Now the plugin page has a link to the source code
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:25:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kutzi&gt;</span> Yes, looks like they have
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:25:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kutzi&gt;</span> I think the 1st step, is for the plugins to be findable
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:25:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Yeah, +1 on having a Wiki page that talks about how to check out an existing plugin, make modifications, install the modified version on your Jenkins, and push back the changes.
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:25:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> frankly said, I have no idea on how we can help people cooperating on the same plugins being open, so this might be hard to set up something :-)
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:26:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kutzi&gt;</span> E.g. I cannot find the periodic-backup plugin here http://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Plugins
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:26:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> I think we should do a better job at tagging/labeling the functionality of plugins.
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:26:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creeture&gt;</span> Update the MarkDown README at the top of github. Would that help?
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:26:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> an idea: what about also adding keywords to plugins to better find them?
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:26:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kutzi&gt;</span> +1 on better labeling
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:26:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> +1 too
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:27:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;docwhat&gt;</span> Adding "contribute to this plugin" links with information on the plugin pages would be helpful as well.
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:27:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Perhaps as a community project, we should review all the existing plugins - both wiki page and actual source - and update the wiki page to have better labeling, with more than just the rough categories we have now.
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:27:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> +1 to docwhat's suggestion as well.
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:27:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> we also need to be sure that plugins have a wiki page
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:27:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;docwhat&gt;</span> +1 rseguy's suggestion
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:27:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rseguy:</span> that's something automatable, so I like that
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:27:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bap2000&gt;</span> how about on the "Extending" wiki page we suggest that before starting a plugin, put suggestion out to dev and users mailing list for comment?
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:28:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kutzi&gt;</span> can we do a check for a Wiki page during plugins' releases?
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:28:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;docwhat&gt;</span> Would it be possible to leverage the same code that the Plugin Manager uses to generate the list and pages for the wiki?
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:28:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bap2000&gt;</span> ... and on the plugin dev page too
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:28:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kutzi:</span> people also develop in-house plugins, so it's bit tricky to do it at the release time, I think.
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:29:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">docwhat:</span> we can generate a separate plugin index page from Wiki if that's useful, but is it?
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:29:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">Crowdsourcing a review of all existing plugins, to understand their capabilities/overlaps/etc.</span>
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:29:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> +1 on the review
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:30:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;docwhat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> I'm just thinking that I find the wiki pages via the Plugin Manager....so duplicating that someplace public might be useful.
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:30:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> OK.
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:30:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> I guess many Jenkins instances are not connected to Internet (my case), so I never use the plugin manager...
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:30:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">abayer to create a wiki page for tracking which plugins have been reviewed, and directions on what to do for reviewing (tagging/labeling, etc)</span>
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:31:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;choas&gt;</span> I've fixed a virtualbox4 problem .. but this results to a new plugin (not sure if it works with virtualbox &lt; 4) .. should it have its own wiki?
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:31:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">abayer:</span> so the goal of the crowdsourcing is to identify similar plugins that are candidates for consolidations?
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:31:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> we also need to emphasize plugins licenses
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:31:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;docwhat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rseguy:</span> As a new Jenkins user, I've used Jenkin's itself as the source for lots of information.
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:31:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;docwhat&gt;</span> +1 rseguy's suggestion on licenses.
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:31:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">add the license information to the banner</span>
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:32:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;fcamblor&gt;</span> Hi all :-)
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:32:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mjmac_&gt;</span> anyone run into the problem of a particular matrix combination stubbornly remaining in a "disabled" state even when it's not explicitly excluded by the combination filter?
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:32:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> it's important, e.g. I wanted to consolidate pucm in clearcase/clearcase-ucm-baseline, but it's GPL, others are MIT...
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:32:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;fcamblor&gt;</span> +1 for kohsuke"s idea
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:32:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> And to just get a better sense of "plugin X does thingie Y" so that it's easier for users to find a plugin that fits their needs.
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:32:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mjmac_&gt;</span> oops...  sorry to butt in
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:33:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">choas:</span> let's take that to the dev list and I can see if it can be merged together
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:33:42 </span><span class="nka">* kohsuke</span> <span class="ac">goes back to the discussion in this topic to capture ideas in the record...</span>
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:34:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">write a Wiki page that focus on "how to modify an existing plugin and get your change integrated"</span>
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:34:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyFis1&gt;</span> as no one seems to point it out: shouldn't someone just ask the three examples why they started a new one?
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:34:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Good idea
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:34:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:35:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">ask the three examples why they started a new one. (via FunkyFis1)</span>
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:35:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;fcamblor&gt;</span> Speaking about plugin compats, wouldn't it be nice to trigger a report somewhere allowing to track API incompatibilities between current jenkins version and greater tagged plugin version (maybe we could discuss about this in a later governance meeting ..)
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:35:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> but what if it's just because they wanted their own code and not one from other?
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:35:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> would you refuse the plugin?
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:35:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I think the goal of asking is just to understand
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:36:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:36:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> If someone really wants his own code, I think that's fine. That's called competition.
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:36:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kutzi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rseguy:</span> I think no one is thinking about 'refusing' plugins?
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:36:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;fcamblor&gt;</span> I'm thinking about some sort of maven reporting plugin trying to checkout tagged plugin source, try to change parent.GAV attributes in pom.xml on latest jenkins GAV, and try to compile/launch test over current released plugin
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:36:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> we should not!
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:36:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> We just want to encourage them to cooperate.
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:36:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kutzi&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:36:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:37:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">fcamblor:</span> want to take an AI for that :-)
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:37:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:37:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Creeture:</span> you earlier said "Update the MarkDown README at the top of github. Would that help?"  --- which page you are referring to?
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:37:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;fcamblor&gt;</span> AI ? :)
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:37:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> action item
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">18:37:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">also:</span> Artificial Idiot
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">18:38:05 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">has strong AI</span>
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">18:38:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;fcamblor&gt;</span> oh ok why not, but I won't be able to have results rapidly :)
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">18:38:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;fcamblor&gt;</span> huhu :)
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">18:38:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I think it'd be a great addition
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">18:38:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> bulk testing plugins with releases
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">18:39:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;fcamblor&gt;</span> yup
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">18:39:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">what about also adding keywords to plugins to better find them? (via rseguy)</span>
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">18:39:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;redsolo&gt;</span> i would love to see that
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:39:29 </span><span class="nka">* redsolo</span> <span class="ac">means the testing of plugins</span>
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:39:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kutzi&gt;</span> you mean in the POM or where?
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:39:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> does JIRA support tags for pages?
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">18:39:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;fcamblor&gt;</span> yup in the pom
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">18:39:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> That's kind of what I meant as part of the review process - tagging/labeling. =) I think it should probably be on the wiki for now, and maybe eventually integerated into the update center.
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">18:40:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I guess it's to the Wiki pages
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">18:40:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;docwhat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> I'd love tags of some kind on Plugins, they are so many right now.  They'd make finding them in the GUI much easier.
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">18:40:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> another possible action item: easing the access to source code for those poor guys (me...) with no svn/git access from work, e.g. by bundling a zip when a plugin is released (actually, by putting it more in emphasis compared to today)
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">18:41:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> (people should use the hash-idea tag on their own to keep this in the minutes!)
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">18:41:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kutzi&gt;</span> Just getting the sources should be possible ober HTTP, isn't it?
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">18:41:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">easing the access to source code for those poor guys (me...) with no svn/git access from work, e.g. by bundling a zip when a plugin is released (actually, by putting it more in emphasis compared to today)</span>
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">18:41:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I can tweak the maven-hpi-plugin to produce the source assembly
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">18:41:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Seems easy enough and if it helps some, why not?
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">18:41:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jpederzolli&gt;</span> you can already download a source zip from github right?
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">18:42:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">18:42:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> so just put a link in the wiki :)
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">18:43:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kutzi&gt;</span> that leaves the plugins still in SVN, but for me it's okay to ignore them
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">18:43:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">18:43:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Kohsuke to tweak the maven-hpi-plugin to create source assembly during the plugin release</span>
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">18:43:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kutzi&gt;</span> as github should be the future?
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">18:43:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;docwhat&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">Help find/organize plugins by generating a list of plugins dynamically from the same info the "Manage Plugin" does in Jenkins and putting it in the wiki or next to the wiki. This could also verify that wiki pages exist and are filled out right.</span>
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">18:44:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">magnayn:</span> you're here just in time for some plugin chatter, see /topic
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">18:44:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">Add a search engine based on labels for plugins</span>
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">18:44:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> We need some volunteers to tackle those
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">18:44:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;docwhat&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">Plugin Quickstart Utility -- a simple utility that helps either get an existing plugin or creates a skeleton plugin and verifies environment is ready for development.</span>
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">18:45:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Hmm, that's interesting. That could be another mojo for maven-hpi-plugin
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">18:45:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> hpi:checkout -Dplugin=XYZ
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">18:45:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bap2000&gt;</span> is that not hpi:create?
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">18:45:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;fcamblor&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">write some sort of reporting tool allowing compile/test every plugins declared in update-center.json over lastly released jenkins version</span>
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">18:45:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bap2000&gt;</span> gives the HElloWorld or whatever turns up
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">18:46:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bap2000:</span> the point is to check out an existing one, not create a new one
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">18:46:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bap2000&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">18:46:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;magnayn&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">could we have an 'unstable' update-center.json generated from the jenkins CI instance? My impression is people get keen to release very often so some patch/change can become visible for users..</span>
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">18:46:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> I like this one
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">18:46:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;fcamblor&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> I love your hpi:checkout goal, it would be a good start for my  reporting tool :-D
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">18:47:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> true
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">18:47:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">magnayn:</span> I guess for that we need snapshots to be available somewhere
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">18:47:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> But yeah, we have a machinery in place for that.
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">18:47:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> what about having some kind of experimental flag in released plugins that?
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">18:47:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;magnayn&gt;</span> yes - I guess either push them to a nexus instance or something, or use the repository plugin to make available
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">18:48:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I like the repository plugin better. That way plugin devs don't have to push them
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">18:49:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> OK, lots of interesting ideas. Aside from fcamblor any one interested in spending some time on some of this?
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">18:49:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> (and dumping other past ideas)
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">18:49:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">Adding "contribute to this plugin" links with information on the plugin pages would be helpful as well. (via docwhat)</span>
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">18:49:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> for doc stuff I can, for tech stuff no, I'm not a maven guy...
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">18:49:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">how about on the "Extending" wiki page we suggest that before starting a plugin, put suggestion out to dev and users mailing list for comment? (via bap2000)</span>
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">18:49:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">Would it be possible to leverage the same code that the Plugin Manager uses to generate the list and pages for the wiki? (via docwhat)</span>
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">18:49:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;magnayn&gt;</span> I was going to look into the above if someone can point me to how the update-json is generated
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">18:50:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">magnayn:</span> it's driven from Nexus index
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">18:51:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;magnayn&gt;</span> is the source available?
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">18:51:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> (which we can generate from a directory very easily, too)
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">18:51:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> The update center generator? Yes.
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">18:52:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> If you can send an e-mail to the dev list, that'd be great --- we can take it from there
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">18:52:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I can give you pointers
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">18:52:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;magnayn&gt;</span> ok. will do sometime this week
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">18:52:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">18:53:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rseguy:</span> maybe you can help us with a first stab at a Wiki page that talks about how to contribute to an existing plugin?
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">18:53:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">write a proposal on how about on the "Extending" wiki page we suggest that before starting a plugin, put suggestion out to dev and users mailing list for comment? (via bap2000)</span>
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">18:53:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">18:53:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">write a proposal on Adding "contribute to this plugin" links with information on the plugin pages would be helpful as well. (via docwhat)</span>
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">18:53:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> yep, I'll do
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">18:53:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> OK, before the time runs out, we need to decide the next meeting coordinate.
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">18:53:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Would it be OK to leave this topic?
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">18:54:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> for me yes
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">18:54:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">When will be the next meeting?</span>
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">18:54:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> RIGHT NOW
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">18:54:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Two weeks from now?
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">18:55:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> will two weeks give everybody enough time to make forward progress on some of these action idems?
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">18:55:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rseguy&gt;</span> ok for mine (doc stuff, easy ;-))
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">18:56:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Not sure, but I don't know giving more time contributes to the progress.
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">18:56:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;fcamblor&gt;</span> I agree :)
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">18:56:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;fcamblor&gt;</span> Let's define targets and see if things move on :)
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">18:57:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> OK, anyone objects to the same time in two weeks?
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">18:57:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">next meeting will be in the same time, two weeks from now.</span>
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">18:57:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> yay
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">18:57:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> sorry I got to the tweeting about the meeting late
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">18:58:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> No worries.
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">18:58:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> With that, I think we adjourn.
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">18:58:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> perhaps we should just schedule posts in drupal about it ~12 hours before
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">18:58:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">18:58:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
