================
#jenkins Meeting
================


Meeting started by rtyler at 18:01:44 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2011/jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* the agenda, as per usual is located on the wiki:
  https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda
  (rtyler, 18:02:19)
* permalink from jenkins-ci.org to his book  (kohsuke, 18:03:38)
  * AGREED:   (rtyler, 18:04:39)

* hardware access for drulli and olamy (primarily eggplant)  (kohsuke,
  18:04:57)
  * ACTION: rtyler to link wakeleo's book as well as Simon's book
    "Continuous Integration with Hudson"  (rtyler, 18:05:00)
  * ACTION: we ask John to kindly update the URL to say jenkins
    (kohsuke, 18:05:33)
  * There is infra wiki space that captures some of the basic operations
    like restart  (kohsuke, 18:07:09)
  * ACTION: rtyler to grant drulli and olamy access to eggplant for
    JIRA/Confluence admin  (rtyler, 18:09:20)

* Can the localization committers push their changes directly? If so,
  please put the approval in the record(from tyuki39)  (kohsuke,
  18:10:08)
  * AGREED: Please push right away. "someone is going to localize my
    plugin for me? sounds great"  (kohsuke, 18:12:34)
  * ACTION: Kohsuke to update a Wiki page to encourage l10n to be pushed
    directly  (kohsuke, 18:13:26)
  * ACTION: Kohsuke to also write a note that l10n contributiors
    sshouldn't unilatelarly release a new version  (kohsuke, 18:14:00)

* Discuss status on the JenkinsCI cafe press store  (kohsuke, 18:14:08)
  * So I just created http://www.cafepress.com/jenkinsci  (kohsuke,
    18:14:25)
  * see https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Logo for the license
    of the logo  (kohsuke, 18:17:51)

* discuss progress with SFC/SPI/ASF/EF regarding an umbrella
  organization  (kohsuke, 18:18:42)

* infra update from rtyler  (kohsuke, 18:19:05)
  * We have one 3U machine racked at the OSUOSL waiting for an OS
    installation  (rtyler, 18:19:30)
  * The original datacenter completely botched shipping rails for the 2U
    machine (cabbage)  (rtyler, 18:19:48)
  * They'll hopefully be sending those along soon  (rtyler, 18:19:57)
  * Our MirrorBrain installation is still broken in that it's not
    geolocating properly  (rtyler, 18:20:38)
  * Because of this, we still have disabled all international mirrors
    (for speed concerns in our round-robin setup)  (rtyler, 18:20:59)
  * We have free backup provided by Contegix.com, unfortunately I've got
    to get some more parts to the data center to get that going
    (rtyler, 18:22:02)
  * ACTION: rtyler to order and ship a new NIC to Contegix to get proper
    backups of cucumber setup  (rtyler, 18:22:15)
  * IDEA: that reminds me that "we love you Contegix/Rackspace/OSUOSL"
    post is badly needed  (kohsuke, 18:22:34)
  * Yes, the database and attachments in the file system are both backed
    up  (kohsuke, 18:23:02)
  * Contegix has also graciously bumped our bandwidth allocated up to
    1TB *free* for the month  (rtyler, 18:23:14)
  * ACTION: rtyler still working on offsite backups for cucumber
    (rtyler, 18:24:00)
  * ACTION: rtyler to send change-order for 1TB of free bandwidth per
    month to the Jenkins project  (rtyler, 18:24:19)

* Discuss progress with SFC/SPI/ASF/EF regarding an umbrella
  organization  (kohsuke, 18:25:35)
  * There is a resolution for the board meeting at SPI which should be
    happening today  (rtyler, 18:26:50)
  * the spi meeting is at `date -d @1305145800` in #spi on irc.oftc.net
    (mwalling, 18:28:59)
  * ACTION: abayer to start a wiki page on "things needed" by an
    overarching org, whether it be Eclipse, ASF, etc  (rtyler, 18:35:15)
  * We are currently courting both the SFC and SPI  (rtyler, 18:39:08)
  * AGREED: on everything abayer just said :P  (rtyler, 18:44:10)
  * our european users, I appreciate you taking time out of your
    evenings to join in the discussion  (rtyler, 19:01:37)
  * ACTION: abayer to start a wiki entry for coming up with the
    requirements we'd have to work with the Hudson guys again.  (abayer,
    19:03:05)
  * ACTION: abayer to start wiki entries on the plusses/minuses of the
    potential foundations.  (abayer, 19:03:36)
  * Eclipse proposal review is 30 days(?), so we need to work on this
    quickly  (kohsuke, 19:04:54)
  * LINK:
    http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2011/jenkins.2011-05-11-18.01.html
    (rtyler, 19:05:12)

* next meeting time  (kohsuke, 19:06:34)
  * Next meeting May 24th at 9am PST 16:00 UTC  (rtyler, 19:16:28)
  * AGREED:   (kohsuke, 19:17:03)
  * AGREED:   (abayer, 19:17:07)

Meeting ended at 19:17:30 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* rtyler to link wakeleo's book as well as Simon's book "Continuous
  Integration with Hudson"
* we ask John to kindly update the URL to say jenkins
* rtyler to grant drulli and olamy access to eggplant for
  JIRA/Confluence admin
* Kohsuke to update a Wiki page to encourage l10n to be pushed directly
* Kohsuke to also write a note that l10n contributiors sshouldn't
  unilatelarly release a new version
* rtyler to order and ship a new NIC to Contegix to get proper backups
  of cucumber setup
* rtyler still working on offsite backups for cucumber
* rtyler to send change-order for 1TB of free bandwidth per month to the
  Jenkins project
* abayer to start a wiki page on "things needed" by an overarching org,
  whether it be Eclipse, ASF, etc
* abayer to start a wiki entry for coming up with the requirements we'd
  have to work with the Hudson guys again.
* abayer to start wiki entries on the plusses/minuses of the potential
  foundations.




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* abayer
  * abayer to start a wiki page on "things needed" by an overarching
    org, whether it be Eclipse, ASF, etc
  * abayer to start a wiki entry for coming up with the requirements
    we'd have to work with the Hudson guys again.
  * abayer to start wiki entries on the plusses/minuses of the potential
    foundations.
* olamy
  * rtyler to grant drulli and olamy access to eggplant for
    JIRA/Confluence admin
* rtyler
  * rtyler to link wakeleo's book as well as Simon's book "Continuous
    Integration with Hudson"
  * rtyler to grant drulli and olamy access to eggplant for
    JIRA/Confluence admin
  * rtyler to order and ship a new NIC to Contegix to get proper backups
    of cucumber setup
  * rtyler still working on offsite backups for cucumber
  * rtyler to send change-order for 1TB of free bandwidth per month to
    the Jenkins project
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * we ask John to kindly update the URL to say jenkins
  * Kohsuke to update a Wiki page to encourage l10n to be pushed
    directly
  * Kohsuke to also write a note that l10n contributiors sshouldn't
    unilatelarly release a new version




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (169)
* kohsuke (101)
* abayer (74)
* aheritier (48)
* magnayn (39)
* zx (19)
* jieryn (15)
* d_a_carver (14)
* hare_brain_ (13)
* phyto (13)
* mwalling (9)
* domi_ (7)
* ndeloof (6)
* Lmtd_Atonement (5)
* lunks (4)
* kreyssel (4)
* billbillingsly (4)
* kutzi (4)
* aheritier_ (2)
* robobutler (2)
* larrys (2)
* btrim (1)
* rcjsuen (1)
* cybernd (1)
* bap2000 (1)
* olamy (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
