================
#jenkins Meeting
================


Meeting started by hare_brain at 21:02:15 UTC. The full logs are
available at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2011/jenkins.2011-03-16-21.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* trademark registration status  (kohsuke, 21:03:48)
  * ACTION: so the action is for me to finally get the ball rolling
    (kohsuke, 21:06:13)
  * the interim board is willing to accept the offer from CloudBees to
    fund the registration, in the interest of getting it going quickly
    contingent on getting a paper in place that the trademark will *NOT*
    be owned by CB  (kohsuke, 21:08:05)

* SFC response / umbrella org  (kohsuke, 21:08:22)
  * So I pinged SFC again, and they said they are still reviewing
    applications.  (kohsuke, 21:08:42)
  * In the mean time, I pinged SPI as well  (kohsuke, 21:09:01)
  * LINK: http://www.spi-inc.org   (kohsuke, 21:09:18)
  * Also, Kohsuke and I had an informal sitdown with Doug Cutting of ASF
    last week.  (abayer, 21:09:38)
  * so the good news is that we have some orgs that are willing to take
    us  (kohsuke, 21:10:32)
  * IDEA: So I guess we should explore SPI bit further, too, then
    (kohsuke, 21:12:02)
  * http://dojofoundation.org/about/hundredpoint  (hare_brain, 21:23:12)
  * ACTION: I think abayer and I take an action to write down what we
    discussed with Doug Cutting as the starting point  (kohsuke,
    21:23:16)

* CLA  (kohsuke, 21:26:57)
  * So yeah, there's no conversation of changing the license for the
    existing code  (kohsuke, 21:29:57)
  * http://www.oss-watch.ac.uk/resources/cla.xml  (kohsuke, 21:34:18)
  * ACTION: (02:49:33 PM) abayer: the gist I'm getting here is that an
    optional CLA would be preferable, so now we need to determine if
    that can satisfy the needs/requirements of those parties that
    require/want CLAs.  (kohsuke, 21:54:03)

* logo contest  (kohsuke, 21:54:22)

* infra hardware  (kohsuke, 21:54:48)
  * ACTION: rtyler to work with kohsuke to move the wiki to a beefier
    machine  (rtyler, 22:01:28)
  * ACTION: rtyler to schedule shipping the two additional machines
    (cabbage and lettuce) to the OSUOSL  (rtyler, 22:02:11)
  * ACTION: rtyler to publicly thank Rackspace and OSUOSL for putting up
    with all our crap  (rtyler, 22:04:43)
  * AGREED: Rackspace and the OSUOSL are nice folks, and we <3 them
    (rtyler, 22:05:18)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to contact the OSUOSL about increasing eggplant's
    RAM allotment until more hardware arrives in Oregon  (rtyler,
    22:05:52)

* next governance meeting time  (kohsuke, 22:06:48)
  * AGREED: the next meeting is March 30th 18 GMT  (kohsuke, 22:09:16)

Meeting ended at 22:10:18 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* so the action is for me to finally get the ball rolling
* I think abayer and I take an action to write down what we discussed
  with Doug Cutting as the starting point
* (02:49:33 PM) abayer: the gist I'm getting here is that an optional
  CLA would be preferable, so now we need to determine if that can
  satisfy the needs/requirements of those parties that require/want
  CLAs.
* rtyler to work with kohsuke to move the wiki to a beefier machine
* rtyler to schedule shipping the two additional machines (cabbage and
  lettuce) to the OSUOSL
* rtyler to publicly thank Rackspace and OSUOSL for putting up with all
  our crap
* kohsuke to contact the OSUOSL about increasing eggplant's RAM
  allotment until more hardware arrives in Oregon




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* abayer
  * I think abayer and I take an action to write down what we discussed
    with Doug Cutting as the starting point
  * (02:49:33 PM) abayer: the gist I'm getting here is that an optional
    CLA would be preferable, so now we need to determine if that can
    satisfy the needs/requirements of those parties that require/want
    CLAs.
* kohsuke
  * rtyler to work with kohsuke to move the wiki to a beefier machine
  * kohsuke to contact the OSUOSL about increasing eggplant's RAM
    allotment until more hardware arrives in Oregon
* rtyler
  * rtyler to work with kohsuke to move the wiki to a beefier machine
  * rtyler to schedule shipping the two additional machines (cabbage and
    lettuce) to the OSUOSL
  * rtyler to publicly thank Rackspace and OSUOSL for putting up with
    all our crap
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * so the action is for me to finally get the ball rolling




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* kohsuke (120)
* abayer (40)
* _W_ (34)
* rtyler (30)
* magnayn (26)
* hare_brain (20)
* lifeless (19)
* gmcdonald (14)
* olamy (10)
* robobutler (4)
* mwhudson (2)
* prusswan (2)
* ccutrer (2)
* kutzi (1)
* phyto (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
