==============================================
#jenkins: Jenkins Project Meeting (2011.08.31)
==============================================


Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:30 UTC. The full logs are available
at
http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2011/jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* For everybody's reference, agenda:
  https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda#GovernanceMeetingAgenda-ForAug31stMeeting%28rescheduledfromAugust24th%29
  (rtyler, 18:00:51)
* Plugin Deprecations  (rtyler, 18:01:29)
  * Proposed plugin deprecation discussion
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Proposed+Plugin+Deprecation
    (rtyler, 18:01:53)

* The Jenkins User Conference  (rtyler, 18:02:59)
  * Details pertaining to the JUC can be found here:
    http://jenkins-ci.org/content/jenkins-user-conference  (rtyler,
    18:03:26)
  * we are starting to see submissions coming in  (kohsuke, 18:03:36)
  * : I think it's at around 140 registrations now  (kohsuke, 18:04:18)
  * We have at this point over 150 people registered  (rtyler, 18:04:29)
  * Current signed up sponsors include: CloudBees, RedHat, Liferay, New
    Relic  (rtyler, 18:04:51)
  * and Sauce Labs  (rtyler, 18:05:16)
  * And anyone who's willing to sponsor or anyone who knows someone who
    might would be greatly appreciated, too  (kohsuke, 18:05:47)
  * ACTION: rtyler to prod kohsuke and the dev list to guage interest
    for a JavaOne Jenkins Hackathon  (rtyler, 18:06:59)

* Jenkins mailing list spam, what to do about it  (rtyler, 18:07:48)
  * Google Groups document on cutting down spam:
    http://groups.google.com/support/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=186997
    (rtyler, 18:08:25)
  * AGREED:   (rtyler, 18:11:09)
  * ACTION: jieryn to speak up again for spam list action if the problem
    gets out of hand  (rtyler, 18:11:22)

* Pull requests that lie in wait for 30+ days  (rtyler, 18:11:40)
  * https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Pending+Pull+Requests
    (rtyler, 18:11:53)
  * I did a partial sweep over the last weekend  (kohsuke, 18:11:54)
  * For now, "those who can do a sweep on pull requests, please do"
    (rtyler, 18:22:35)
  * New contributors should be encouraged to include tests with their
    pull requests  (rtyler, 18:22:50)

* LTS 1.409.2, test status, ready to release?  (rtyler, 18:23:04)
  * Test progress:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/LTS+1.409.x+RC+Testing
    (rtyler, 18:23:58)
  * I want to publicly recognize and thank vjuranek for the hard work
    that's been put in from his end on testing the LTS line  (rtyler,
    18:24:35)
  * IDEA: I think @jenkinsci should tweet about this page and solicit
    more volunteers  (kohsuke, 18:25:56)
  * ACTION: rtyler to tweet out the LTS test matrix page to solicit help
    from the broader community  (rtyler, 18:26:26)
  * ACTION: vjuranek to follow up on the dev list after he's finished
    more testing  (rtyler, 18:27:25)
  * I'd also encourage people to start thinking about the base version
    for the next LTS  (kohsuke, 18:27:37)
  * ACTION: kutzi to update the LTS 1.409.x testing page with his own
    findings as well  (rtyler, 18:27:52)
  * Y! targetting 1.424 as the base of their next internal Jenkins
    stable release  (rtyler, 18:28:52)
  * ACTION: hare_brain to follow up on the dev list with Y!'s findings
    on using 1.424 as the next LTS base  (rtyler, 18:29:55)
  * https://fedorahosted.org/beaker/ apparently is more up to date
    (kohsuke, 18:31:58)

* Official commit workflow for core committers  (rtyler, 18:33:45)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to write a draft for core contributor workflow
    (abayer, 18:41:22)
  * Git's document, for reference:
    http://git.kernel.org/?p=git/git.git;a=blob;f=Documentation/SubmittingPatches;h=938eccf2a5ac9dd629be1bc6bb53a59723c99083;hb=HEAD
    (rtyler, 18:41:46)

* Featuring the issue tracking page in a more prominent place  (rtyler,
  18:42:24)
  * IDEA: should "bug tracker" in http://jenkins-ci.org/ link to that?
    (kohsuke, 18:43:06)
  * "that" being:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Issue+Tracking  (rtyler,
    18:43:19)
  * ACTION: rtyler to update the "bug tracker" link on jenkins-ci.org
    (rtyler, 18:44:11)
  * IDEA: Put a link to the issue tracker in the side bar on Use Jenkins
    (hare_brain, 18:45:39)

* Feedback on the request for official definitions of stable, unstable,
  failure  (rtyler, 18:46:40)
  * https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-10763  (rtyler,
    18:46:48)
  * related discussion on the dev list:
    https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=de#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/2rMdYX3WMwo
    (rtyler, 18:48:00)
  * AGREED:   (rtyler, 18:48:15)
  * ACTION: everybody should start thinking of how to clear up some of
    these terms across the widest cross-section of our userbase
    (rtyler, 18:55:06)
  * Terms somewhat enumerated here:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Terminology  (rtyler,
    18:55:49)
  * ACTION: kutzi to write down his proposal in the wiki  (kutzi,
    18:55:56)

* Donation drive!  (rtyler, 18:56:08)
  * the SPI's donation page is here: http://spi-inc.org/donations/
    (rtyler, 18:58:17)
  * so far I still haven't heard back from SPI that the account is set
    up  (kohsuke, 18:58:17)
  * I've started talking with a Contegix accountant to get their
    donations of bandwidth and colocation space assigned to the SPI
    (rtyler, 18:59:20)
  * And we do have some random expenses that some of us have been paying
    out of pocket  (kohsuke, 19:00:35)
  * ACTION: kohsuke to ping Rackspace about transferring assets to the
    SPI and starting to write off their donations as well  (rtyler,
    19:01:16)
  * IDEA: Add a donation drive slide to JUC presentation template
    (hare_brain, 19:01:40)

* Infrastructure update  (rtyler, 19:02:18)
  * Contegix has donated another 4TB of bandwidth to our machine,
    cucumber  (rtyler, 19:02:41)
  * cabbage and lettuce are both racked at the OSL  (rtyler, 19:02:55)
  * rtyler has made the painful executive decision that Jenkins infra
    will standardize on Ubuntu+Puppet  (rtyler, 19:03:20)
  * for reference, here's our bandwidth spike on cucumber:
    http://strongspace.com/rtyler/public/year_cucumber_bw.png  (rtyler,
    19:06:31)
  * ACTION: rtyler to move mirrorbrain from cucumber to lettuce
    (rtyler, 19:06:53)
  * FishEye has been unstable, too. There's a ticket open on Atlassian
    Support to find out what's going on.  (kohsuke, 19:08:01)
  * Jenkins puppet manifests are being collected here:
    github.com/jenkinsci/infra-puppet  (rtyler, 19:08:37)

* Next meeting  (rtyler, 19:10:23)
  * Next project meeting 2011.09.14 at 18:00 UTC  (rtyler, 19:11:30)

Meeting ended at 19:11:33 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* rtyler to prod kohsuke and the dev list to guage interest for a
  JavaOne Jenkins Hackathon
* jieryn to speak up again for spam list action if the problem gets out
  of hand
* rtyler to tweet out the LTS test matrix page to solicit help from the
  broader community
* vjuranek to follow up on the dev list after he's finished more testing
* kutzi to update the LTS 1.409.x testing page with his own findings as
  well
* hare_brain to follow up on the dev list with Y!'s findings on using
  1.424 as the next LTS base
* kohsuke to write a draft for core contributor workflow
* rtyler to update the "bug tracker" link on jenkins-ci.org
* everybody should start thinking of how to clear up some of these terms
  across the widest cross-section of our userbase
* kutzi to write down his proposal in the wiki
* kohsuke to ping Rackspace about transferring assets to the SPI and
  starting to write off their donations as well
* rtyler to move mirrorbrain from cucumber to lettuce




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* hare_brain
  * hare_brain to follow up on the dev list with Y!'s findings on using
    1.424 as the next LTS base
* jieryn
  * jieryn to speak up again for spam list action if the problem gets
    out of hand
* kohsuke
  * rtyler to prod kohsuke and the dev list to guage interest for a
    JavaOne Jenkins Hackathon
  * kohsuke to write a draft for core contributor workflow
  * kohsuke to ping Rackspace about transferring assets to the SPI and
    starting to write off their donations as well
* kutzi
  * kutzi to update the LTS 1.409.x testing page with his own findings
    as well
  * kutzi to write down his proposal in the wiki
* rg
  * rtyler to update the "bug tracker" link on jenkins-ci.org
* rtyler
  * rtyler to prod kohsuke and the dev list to guage interest for a
    JavaOne Jenkins Hackathon
  * rtyler to tweet out the LTS test matrix page to solicit help from
    the broader community
  * rtyler to update the "bug tracker" link on jenkins-ci.org
  * rtyler to move mirrorbrain from cucumber to lettuce
* vjuranek
  * vjuranek to follow up on the dev list after he's finished more
    testing
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * everybody should start thinking of how to clear up some of these
    terms across the widest cross-section of our userbase




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* rtyler (163)
* kohsuke (92)
* hare_brain (41)
* jieryn (29)
* kutzi (28)
* abayer (26)
* stigkj (15)
* vjuranek (12)
* orrc (9)
* robobutler (4)
* ksawicki (3)
* P4G0 (3)
* norro (3)
* imod (2)
* mns (2)
* rg (2)
* jenkins-admin (1)
* jweinberg (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/
