<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:02:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:02:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Let the Jenkins meeting commence!
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:02:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">abayer hare_brain  rtyler</span>
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:02:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robobutler&gt;</span> Current chairs: abayer hare_brain kohsuke rtyler
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:03:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Recap of last meeting's action items</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:03:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">and that's captured in http://meetings.jenkins-ci.org/jenkins/2011/jenkins.2011-09-14-18.01.html</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:03:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> "rtyler to prod kohsuke and the dev list to guage interest for a JavaOne Jenkins Hackathon"
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:04:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I wonder if we should still plan on it, or is it getting too late?
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:04:25 </span><span class="nka">* kohsuke</span> <span class="ac">pokes rtyler</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:04:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I guess I'll defer his actions until later
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:05:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> my donation related AIs are done
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:05:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Woot.
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:05:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> So is hare_brain's CLA
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:05:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> and I did publicize that we are shooting for blessing CLA and governance doc in 9/28
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:05:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> ... by sending e-mail to the dev list.
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:05:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> fwiw, I'm +1 on both, but hey.
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:06:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> OK, so I think we are in good shape action-wise.
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:06:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Donation status update (@orrc)</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:07:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">I believe the current total amount is still at $3900</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:07:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> and I also forgot to add the SPI overhead into the calculation, so we need to raise $5130 + 5% or something like that
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:08:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">I'd request folks presenting in JUC to mention donation in their slides</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:08:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Actually, according to their minutes, they stopped collecting the 5%
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:08:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> That'd be a good idea, yeah.
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:08:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Let me find that reference.
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:08:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> and maybe we can pass around the tip hat like people do in churches (or at least so I hear)
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:08:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:09:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> http://www.spi-inc.org/corporate/resolutions/2003/2003-04-01.wta.2/
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:09:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> ah
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:10:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> There's also a conversation about recurring payment?
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:10:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mwalling&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> "offering plate"
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:11:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> When presenters open up their session for questions, people with questions must first donate before they get their questions answered. ;)
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:11:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:12:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mwalling&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hare_brain:</span> http://www.spi-inc.org/meetings/minutes/2011/2011-08-10/ the treasurer's report still lists 5%
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:12:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I guess orrc wants us to find out the SPI relationship with FFIS?
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:12:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Yeah I noticed that.
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:12:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I think I heard about that 5% in the SPI IRC channel, too
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:13:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Something to follow up with SPI about then.
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:14:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Kohsuke to follow up with SPI to make sure 5% withholding still applies, and finds out the resolution of re-introduction post 2003/4/1</span>
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:15:06 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">wakes up</span>
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:15:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">another idea in the thread orrc mentioned is to have some "seal" for showing off the fact that someone donated</span>
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:15:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I suppose we can do that
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:16:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Where would the seal show up?
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:16:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> maybe the footer?
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:16:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> How would you handle seals for company donations?
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:16:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Who's footer?
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:17:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I guess we'll send them a special plugin?
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:17:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> in the name of the person who donated, or something
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:17:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Hahaha. So they can be impressed with themselves for donating?
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:18:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> I guess I thought a seal would be more like the "I voted" stickers. To tell *other* people that you donated.
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:18:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Yeah, it's like "I voted" seal
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:18:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I guess to other users using your instance
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:18:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Or maybe we should list their names publicly?
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:18:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> if they want
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:19:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> A public list makes more sense. Sort of like the donation/sponsor placards at churches/hospitals.
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:19:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Right
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:19:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> But +1 to rtyler's observation. Only if they want to be publicly listed.
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:19:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> OK, so we'll ask them if they want thir names to be listed, and have a Wiki page that lists them
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:20:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Fortunately or unfortunately, the # of donations are small that it is quite feasible
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:20:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">we'll ask those who donated if they want their names to be listed, and have a Wiki page that lists them</span>
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:21:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Put it on the donation page itself.
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:21:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Donation
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:21:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">we'll ask those who donated if they want their names to be listed, and have the donation page that lists them</span>
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:21:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Shall we move on to the next topic?
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:21:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kinow_&gt;</span> Hi there, don't know if others can give their opinion here in the meeting, first time that I'm here in the channel during the meeting... but maybe something like what Eclipse does? When you donate you can say if you want your name to be displayed or not, and if so, there is a donor list (http://www.eclipse.org/donate/donorlist.php), they also have the Friends of Eclipse logo + special mirror with more bandwidth
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:22:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I don't think we can run a special mirror :P
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:22:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> the Friends of Eclipse logo is also something that the OSL does
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:22:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orrc&gt;</span> yeah, so if we can automatically accept donations via FFIS, that would be great for us Europe types
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:22:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kinow_:</span> everyone is welcome. And thanks, this is helpful
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:23:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">orrc:</span> I got an action to find out their relationship
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:23:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orrc&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kohsuke:</span> ah, I missed that
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:23:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> "Friend of Jenkins" logo is something we can do, too
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:24:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> interesting. "Friend of Eclipse" is for $35. I guess that's how they suggest the amount
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:24:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> anyway
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:24:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kinow_&gt;</span> The special mirror is not really necessary, Jenkins war is much smalled than  Eclipse archives. But I would like to be a "Friend of Jenkins" :)
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:26:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I'll see if I or someone else can hack that up quickly, maybe during JUC
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:26:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I don't think it needs to be sophisticated and well protected.
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:26:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> hack what up?
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:26:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> "Friend of Jenkins" seal plugin that we send to those who donated
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:26:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> ah
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:27:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> i thought you meant a special mirror, I was about to pull out my slappin' trout
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:27:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> No, I learnt my lesson, sir
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:27:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Any more on this topic before we move on?
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:27:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Choosing next LTS baseline candidate (Yahoo! folk?)</span>
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:28:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hare_brain:</span> any progress on 1.424 since then?
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:29:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Maybe we lost him?
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:29:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Yeah, so we fixed the problems we had with the HTML escaping feature, so our internal fork is now passing all built in tests and our additional tests.
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:29:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> so we are good to go?
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:30:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> But unfortunately, we've had to prioritize some internal work so we haven't had more chance to do further testing in larger setups yet.
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:30:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> But I think in general, 1.424 is a good baseline to start the next LTS version on.
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:31:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> With vjuranek's test matrix, that'll cover things we haven't covered.
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:31:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> As long as it's unlikely that you'll restart from scratch on another version as the baseline, it sounds like we can start on 1.424.
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:31:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> I don't think we will.
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:32:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Any +1/-1, anyone else?
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:32:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Otherwise I think we can record 1.424 as the agreement
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:32:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> (hoping to get a few more +1s for formality)
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:32:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orrc&gt;</span> sounds good :)
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:32:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vjuranek&gt;</span> user rating alos looks good for 1.424  so +1 for 1.424
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:32:59 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">has no points either way for LTS</span>
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:33:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;imod&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:33:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">Next LTS baseline would be 1.424</span>
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:33:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Governance Document review/approval</span>
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:33:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vjuranek&gt;</span> one more point wrt LTS
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:34:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> ga
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:34:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vjuranek&gt;</span> it would be nice to have specified number of days for backporting
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:34:28 </span><span class="nka">* kohsuke</span> <span class="ac">wonders if there's a command to have robobutler go back to the previous topic</span>
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:34:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> window of accepting changes, I suppose.
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:35:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vjuranek&gt;</span> yup, https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/LTS+Outlines+Proposal
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:35:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> At Sun we use to call it the code freeze day
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:35:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vjuranek&gt;</span> Jenkins release for ?? days
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:35:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vjuranek&gt;</span> replace ?? with something
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:36:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> 2 weeks?
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:36:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vjuranek&gt;</span> is 14 days OK, or it would be better to specify it in terms of releases...e.g. it has to be contained at least in two public releases?
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:36:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> According to the table, I think it was 1 public release.
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:37:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> 1.422 released JENKINS-10000 on 7/25
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:37:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jenkins-admin&gt;</span> JENKINS-10000:Configuration methods for classes with no test methods are not displayed (Resolved) http://jenkins-ci.org/issue/10000
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:37:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> This was backported and released in LTS on 8/8
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:37:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Thank you, jenkins-admin.
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:38:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> I'm totally fine with changing it. I was just pointing out that that information was encoded in the table
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:38:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I'm fine either way
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:38:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vjuranek&gt;</span> I would prefere 14 days
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:39:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Let's start with 14 days and adjust if needed, then
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:39:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> OK, so two public releases.
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:39:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> The LTS minor release that coincides with the 3rd public release after a blocker bug was fixed in the public release line will contain the backported fix.
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:40:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Just updated the wiki page and put 14 in there
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:40:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> OK, can we move on now?
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:40:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> The table needs to be updated to shift the releases in the LTS column down a row
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:40:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> I'll do that while we keep the meeting moving.
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:41:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vjuranek&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:41:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Governance Document review/approval</span>
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:41:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I've made some edits since the last meeting
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:42:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> We've added CLA portion, trademark portion, expanded on the 3rd party license section, and moved some stuff around based on comments I received
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:43:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> It's been said before, it'll be said again, but goddamn, kohsuke, you've done a simply amazing job with that doc.
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:43:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Anyone wants to discuss some parts of it further, or can we just do a vote?
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:43:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;imod&gt;</span> can only agree!!!
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:43:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Thank you!
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:44:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I should point out that some of the logistical aspects aren't fully taken care of, but I think that's OK. Those are just technicality.
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">18:44:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> (like how to keep track of who signed CLA, etc.)
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">18:44:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> I was going to point out the TODO on the list of core committers, but that falls into the technicality category as well.
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">18:45:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Since we're only accepting electronic CLA submissions, just check them into the infra-cla repo
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">18:45:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Let me remove that TODO now
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">18:45:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> …smart man, dean. =)
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">18:45:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> I was writing up a more elaborate version of exactly what Dean just suggested. =)
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">18:46:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> So people send in their CLA via pull requests? Nice.
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">18:46:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Or email, etc.
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">18:46:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orrc&gt;</span> with their personal address, email and phone number stored in git history forever?
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:46:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Eh. Good point.
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:46:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Details.
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:46:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Bah. Stupid privacy!
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">18:47:04 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">slaps abayer with a trout</span>
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">18:47:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Well
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">18:47:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orrc&gt;</span> ok, file that one back under technicalities
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">18:47:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> I'll take an action item to figure out the technicalities there.
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">18:47:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> <span class="hi">orrc:</span> Is your concern that the information is stored in GitHub, or just access to that repo?
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">18:47:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I share the same concern, and doesn't matter
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">18:48:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">abayer:</span> and please make the signee list machine readable, too
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">18:48:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orrc&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hare_brain:</span> ah, mainly the public part of it
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">18:48:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> but we do need the PDFs maintained somewhere
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">18:48:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">abayer to figure out how to store submitted CLAs in a way that doesn't violate privacy, and to have a machine readable list generated from those CLAs.</span>
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">18:48:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> So if the repo was restricted access?
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">18:49:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hare_brain:</span> that could work, but not the pull requests part :)
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">18:49:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I guess the google groups do the archiving
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">18:49:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Right
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">18:49:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> I believe that's how ASF handles it.
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">18:49:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> (private repo, etc)
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">18:49:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> And our GitHub account doesn't do private repo
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">18:49:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> I'm fairly sure we can get our hands on one. =)
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">18:49:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> (would poke ksawicki if he were here now)
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">18:50:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I think we should let abayer figure this out, as he took the action
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">18:50:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">18:50:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I think the concern is well understood
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">18:50:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> It'd have to be under a different account than jenkinsci, if I remember correctly, but yeah. I'll work it out.
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">18:50:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> orrc, thanks for bringing it up
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">18:50:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> That was important
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">18:50:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> I'll bang that out while I'm sitting around at JavaOne. =)
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">18:50:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> OK, does this mean we can vote now?
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">18:51:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">18:51:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;imod&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">18:51:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vjuranek&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">18:51:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Are those votes, or votes to vote? ;)
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">18:51:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Vote to vote. =)
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">18:51:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vjuranek&gt;</span> vote:-)
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">18:51:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vjuranek&gt;</span> ok, vote to vote:-)
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">18:52:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Let me try again. Here's the motion to approve the governance document as of revision 21
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">18:52:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orrc&gt;</span> what happens once it's approved? it can't be edited? I think the doc is brilliant, but I've had it open for a while, meaning to go through it and fix up spelling, grammar etc :)
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">18:52:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> I think if there are edits, we'll need to vote on the edits
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">18:53:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Or, have a pointer to the official blessed revision, and let the page itself float with edits.
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">18:53:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Yeah. So it may make sense to do a "feature freeze" on the doc now, and then take a week or two to do bug fixes - i.e., grammer/etc.
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">18:53:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orrc&gt;</span> I like it
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">18:53:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Agreed.
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">18:53:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> CI on a project governance document. Nice.
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">18:53:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> except I won't be able to announce it in JUC :-(
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">18:53:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> I think you can.
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">18:54:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> I think we're saying it's good enough for 1.0
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">18:54:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orrc&gt;</span> 1.0 RC1 :)
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">18:54:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> But we should expect 1.1, 1.2 in the future.
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">18:54:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Agreed about 1.1 and 1.2
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">18:54:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> and thus began kohsuke's long decent into becoming a salesperson
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">18:54:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Or 1.0.1 for grammar and spelling corrections
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">18:54:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Yeah, 1.0.1.
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">18:55:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Is that OK, orrc?
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">18:55:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orrc&gt;</span> absolutely
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">18:55:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> 1.0 today, and 1.0.1 with minor bug fixes
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">18:55:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> OK
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">18:55:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Let's vote on this as 1.0, and then orrc can make a copy of the page, clean it up, etc, and then we can vote on that as 1.0.1 in two weeks.
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">18:55:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Sounds good
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">18:55:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Agreed
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">18:55:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Now I say let the voting commence!
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">18:56:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> +1 on rev 21 as 1.0
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">18:56:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> And here's my +1 to approve the document
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">18:56:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;imod&gt;</span> once again: +1
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">18:56:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vjuranek&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">18:56:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">18:56:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> +fish
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">18:57:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> what's that supposed to mean?
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">18:57:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> It means he wants to get slapped with a trout
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">18:57:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> I think rtyler's just being….difficult. =)
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">18:57:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> yap
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">18:57:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">rev21 is approved as governance document 1.0</span>
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">18:58:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> actually, I need to make it rev22 to remove "this is work in progress" header
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">18:58:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> =)
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">18:58:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> done
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">18:59:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">next meeting time</span>
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">18:59:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Two weeks from now I'm in Tokyo
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">18:59:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> 3am is not going to work.
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">18:59:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> for me.
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">18:59:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mwalling&gt;</span> aww, why not? ;)
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">19:00:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> so either you guys carry on without me, we'll change time, or we'll skip
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">19:00:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> If we do it 3 hours earlier, is that too hard for US west coast folks?
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">19:01:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> That's 8am?
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">19:01:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> For me, that's difficult. In the middle of getting everyone out the door.
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">19:02:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> What is 9pm PDT in other time zones?
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">19:02:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> (There's no time change between now and then, is there?)
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">19:02:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> Actually, there may be.
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">19:02:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> In any case, that's 6am Euro time.
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">19:02:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;abayer&gt;</span> 5am UK.
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">19:02:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Alright, maybe a little too early.
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">19:03:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> I guess we'll leave it at the regular time, and we'll let others decide to cancel or have the meeting as scheduled?
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">19:04:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> OK. Let's do that.
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">19:04:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> That's what it sounds like.
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">19:04:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> (BTW, no time change until November 6.)
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">19:05:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> OK, I think we are done for the day.
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">19:05:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> Thank you very much!
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">19:05:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hare_brain&gt;</span> Hope to see many of you at JUC
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">19:05:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> me too
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">19:05:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kohsuke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
