<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#jenkins: Jenkins Project Meeting (2011.08.31)</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#jenkins: Jenkins Project Meeting (2011.08.31)</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by rtyler at 18:00:30 UTC
(<a href="jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">For everybody's reference, agenda:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Governance+Meeting+Agenda#GovernanceMeetingAgenda-ForAug31stMeeting%28rescheduledfromAugust24th%29</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-12'>rtyler</a>,
    18:00:51)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Plugin Deprecations</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-15'>rtyler</a>, 18:01:29)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Proposed plugin deprecation discussion
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Proposed+Plugin+Deprecation</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-16'>rtyler</a>,
    18:01:53)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">The Jenkins User Conference</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-26'>rtyler</a>, 18:02:59)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Details pertaining to the JUC can be found
    here: http://jenkins-ci.org/content/jenkins-user-conference</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-30'>rtyler</a>,
    18:03:26)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">we are starting to see submissions coming
    in</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-32'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:03:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">: I think it's at around 140 registrations
    now</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-40'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:04:18)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We have at this point over 150 people
    registered</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-41'>rtyler</a>,
    18:04:29)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Current signed up sponsors include: CloudBees,
    RedHat, Liferay, New Relic</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-42'>rtyler</a>,
    18:04:51)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">and Sauce Labs</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-45'>rtyler</a>,
    18:05:16)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">And anyone who's willing to sponsor or anyone
    who knows someone who might would be greatly appreciated, too</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-47'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:05:47)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    prod kohsuke and the dev list to guage interest for a JavaOne
    Jenkins Hackathon</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-52'>rtyler</a>,
    18:06:59)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Jenkins mailing list spam, what to do about it</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-58'>rtyler</a>, 18:07:48)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Google Groups document on cutting down spam:
    http://groups.google.com/support/bin/answer.py?hl=en&amp;answer=186997</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-63'>rtyler</a>,
    18:08:25)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED"></span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-78'>rtyler</a>,
    18:11:09)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">jieryn to
    speak up again for spam list action if the problem gets out of
    hand</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-79'>rtyler</a>,
    18:11:22)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Pull requests that lie in wait for 30+ days</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-80'>rtyler</a>, 18:11:40)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Pending+Pull+Requests</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-81'>rtyler</a>,
    18:11:53)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I did a partial sweep over the last
    weekend</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-82'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:11:54)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">For now, "those who can do a sweep on pull
    requests, please do"</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-141'>rtyler</a>,
    18:22:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">New contributors should be encouraged to
    include tests with their pull requests</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-143'>rtyler</a>,
    18:22:50)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LTS 1.409.2, test status, ready to release?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-144'>rtyler</a>, 18:23:04)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Test progress:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/LTS+1.409.x+RC+Testing</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-149'>rtyler</a>,
    18:23:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I want to publicly recognize and thank vjuranek
    for the hard work that's been put in from his end on testing the LTS
    line</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-151'>rtyler</a>,
    18:24:35)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">I think
    @jenkinsci should tweet about this page and solicit more
    volunteers</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-160'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:25:56)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    tweet out the LTS test matrix page to solicit help from the broader
    community</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-165'>rtyler</a>,
    18:26:26)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">vjuranek to
    follow up on the dev list after he's finished more testing</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-173'>rtyler</a>,
    18:27:25)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I'd also encourage people to start thinking
    about the base version for the next LTS</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-174'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:27:37)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kutzi to
    update the LTS 1.409.x testing page with his own findings as
    well</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-176'>rtyler</a>,
    18:27:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Y! targetting 1.424 as the base of their next
    internal Jenkins stable release</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-184'>rtyler</a>,
    18:28:52)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">hare_brain to
    follow up on the dev list with Y!'s findings on using 1.424 as the
    next LTS base</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-192'>rtyler</a>,
    18:29:55)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">https://fedorahosted.org/beaker/ apparently is
    more up to date</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-201'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:31:58)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Official commit workflow for core committers</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-209'>rtyler</a>, 18:33:45)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke to
    write a draft for core contributor workflow</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-240'>abayer</a>,
    18:41:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Git's document, for reference:
    http://git.kernel.org/?p=git/git.git;a=blob;f=Documentation/SubmittingPatches;h=938eccf2a5ac9dd629be1bc6bb53a59723c99083;hb=HEAD</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-243'>rtyler</a>,
    18:41:46)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Featuring the issue tracking page in a more prominent place</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-254'>rtyler</a>, 18:42:24)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">should "bug
    tracker" in http://jenkins-ci.org/ link to that?</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-263'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:43:06)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">"that" being:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Issue+Tracking</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-265'>rtyler</a>,
    18:43:19)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    update the "bug tracker" link on jenkins-ci.org</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-270'>rtyler</a>,
    18:44:11)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">Put a link to the
    issue tracker in the side bar on Use Jenkins</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-279'>hare_brain</a>,
    18:45:39)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Feedback on the request for official definitions of stable, unstable, failure</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-285'>rtyler</a>, 18:46:40)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-10763</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-287'>rtyler</a>,
    18:46:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">related discussion on the dev list:
    https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=de#!topic/jenkinsci-dev/2rMdYX3WMwo</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-294'>rtyler</a>,
    18:48:00)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED"></span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-296'>rtyler</a>,
    18:48:15)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">everybody
    should start thinking of how to clear up some of these terms across
    the widest cross-section of our userbase</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-321'>rtyler</a>,
    18:55:06)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Terms somewhat enumerated here:
    https://wiki.jenkins-ci.org/display/JENKINS/Terminology</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-324'>rtyler</a>,
    18:55:49)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kutzi to
    write down his proposal in the wiki</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-326'>kutzi</a>,
    18:55:56)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Donation drive!</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-327'>rtyler</a>, 18:56:08)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">the SPI's donation page is here:
    http://spi-inc.org/donations/</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-339'>rtyler</a>,
    18:58:17)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">so far I still haven't heard back from SPI that
    the account is set up</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-340'>kohsuke</a>,
    18:58:17)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I've started talking with a Contegix accountant
    to get their donations of bandwidth and colocation space assigned to
    the SPI</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-347'>rtyler</a>,
    18:59:20)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">And we do have some random expenses that some
    of us have been paying out of pocket</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-357'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:00:35)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">kohsuke to
    ping Rackspace about transferring assets to the SPI and starting to
    write off their donations as well</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-365'>rtyler</a>,
    19:01:16)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">Add a donation
    drive slide to JUC presentation template</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-370'>hare_brain</a>,
    19:01:40)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Infrastructure update</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-383'>rtyler</a>, 19:02:18)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Contegix has donated another 4TB of bandwidth
    to our machine, cucumber</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-384'>rtyler</a>,
    19:02:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">cabbage and lettuce are both racked at the
    OSL</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-385'>rtyler</a>,
    19:02:55)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">rtyler has made the painful executive decision
    that Jenkins infra will standardize on Ubuntu+Puppet</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-388'>rtyler</a>,
    19:03:20)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">for reference, here's our bandwidth spike on
    cucumber:
    http://strongspace.com/rtyler/public/year_cucumber_bw.png</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-402'>rtyler</a>,
    19:06:31)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rtyler to
    move mirrorbrain from cucumber to lettuce</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-404'>rtyler</a>,
    19:06:53)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">FishEye has been unstable, too. There's a
    ticket open on Atlassian Support to find out what's going on.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-408'>kohsuke</a>,
    19:08:01)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Jenkins puppet manifests are being collected
    here: github.com/jenkinsci/infra-puppet</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-411'>rtyler</a>,
    19:08:37)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-423'>rtyler</a>, 19:10:23)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Next project meeting 2011.09.14 at 18:00
    UTC</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html#l-435'>rtyler</a>,
    19:11:30)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 19:11:33 UTC
(<a href="jenkins.2011-08-31-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler to prod kohsuke and the dev list to guage interest for a JavaOne Jenkins Hackathon</li>
  <li>jieryn to speak up again for spam list action if the problem gets out of hand</li>
  <li>rtyler to tweet out the LTS test matrix page to solicit help from the broader community</li>
  <li>vjuranek to follow up on the dev list after he's finished more testing</li>
  <li>kutzi to update the LTS 1.409.x testing page with his own findings as well</li>
  <li>hare_brain to follow up on the dev list with Y!'s findings on using 1.424 as the next LTS base</li>
  <li>kohsuke to write a draft for core contributor workflow</li>
  <li>rtyler to update the "bug tracker" link on jenkins-ci.org</li>
  <li>everybody should start thinking of how to clear up some of these terms across the widest cross-section of our userbase</li>
  <li>kutzi to write down his proposal in the wiki</li>
  <li>kohsuke to ping Rackspace about transferring assets to the SPI and starting to write off their donations as well</li>
  <li>rtyler to move mirrorbrain from cucumber to lettuce</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> hare_brain <ol>
    <li>hare_brain to follow up on the dev list with Y!'s findings on using 1.424 as the next LTS base</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> jieryn <ol>
    <li>jieryn to speak up again for spam list action if the problem gets out of hand</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> kohsuke <ol>
    <li>rtyler to prod kohsuke and the dev list to guage interest for a JavaOne Jenkins Hackathon</li>
    <li>kohsuke to write a draft for core contributor workflow</li>
    <li>kohsuke to ping Rackspace about transferring assets to the SPI and starting to write off their donations as well</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> kutzi <ol>
    <li>kutzi to update the LTS 1.409.x testing page with his own findings as well</li>
    <li>kutzi to write down his proposal in the wiki</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rg <ol>
    <li>rtyler to update the "bug tracker" link on jenkins-ci.org</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rtyler <ol>
    <li>rtyler to prod kohsuke and the dev list to guage interest for a JavaOne Jenkins Hackathon</li>
    <li>rtyler to tweet out the LTS test matrix page to solicit help from the broader community</li>
    <li>rtyler to update the "bug tracker" link on jenkins-ci.org</li>
    <li>rtyler to move mirrorbrain from cucumber to lettuce</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> vjuranek <ol>
    <li>vjuranek to follow up on the dev list after he's finished more testing</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>rtyler (163)</li>
  <li>kohsuke (92)</li>
  <li>hare_brain (41)</li>
  <li>jieryn (29)</li>
  <li>kutzi (28)</li>
  <li>abayer (26)</li>
  <li>stigkj (15)</li>
  <li>vjuranek (12)</li>
  <li>orrc (9)</li>
  <li>robobutler (4)</li>
  <li>ksawicki (3)</li>
  <li>P4G0 (3)</li>
  <li>norro (3)</li>
  <li>imod (2)</li>
  <li>mns (2)</li>
  <li>rg (2)</li>
  <li>jenkins-admin (1)</li>
  <li>jweinberg (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://www.jenkins-ci.org/meetings/">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
